[Music]
I can't stop
[Applause]
[Music]
of stars. Welcome to Club of
Sinister.
You want it, you got it. Shut up and
play along.
[Music]
When you playing
with stars,
[Music]
it's
too far from home. Just a piece of
[Music]
shop.
Take a picture of the picture of the
picture of the picture of the picture.
car
all
[Music]
live your life.
Live your life.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Constellin
[Music]
constellation
cradle.
Carar
[Music]
live your life.
When you're playing
with stars.
When you're playing with
My heart.
[Music]
Live your life.
Your life.
[Music]
Oh, hello Zakria
or whatever. Hello.
Where are we today?
Let's Let's put that down. Put down for
a moment.
Very good.
Hello.
And hello. I'm checking really quickly.
Where is my stream audio you can hear?
Oh, wait.
We're being in um
What the dear?
What is my
[Music]
something really quickly?
Music.
Oh, there we go. Oh, nice. Very good.
Hello, everyone.
Um, I released the characters.
Hello. We're here.
Um,
Daddy said, "I'm Baddy."
That's Baddie, if you didn't know.
What am I?
That's Pico. Hello, Pico.
Oh,
you're you're kind of like a gummy type
character.
Oh, I see.
Um, okay. So, release of Roland
and
so today, well, I don't really have a
full plan yet, but I was thinking
today I just
Wait, what?
Oh, right. Keyboard up there. Um,
I just did uh How much did that cost me?
I think I just spent $1,400 on shipping
costs just now.
Um, I just bought like 200 something
labels for the CDs.
We're finally in the process of that.
And so today I thought
um
I thought today
I would start working on the uh on
signing the CDs that are for patrons.
So, while I'm doing that, I'd be on
stream
and
thought I would be on stream for this
I was thinking of playing an older
Violet album, one that maybe people
haven't heard very much at all and we'd
have a little bit of fun talking about
There's my thing.
Now chat, maybe I for want to forewarn
you. Whatever this thing is going to be
saying during the stream, don't do not
listen to it. Okay?
Listen to me.
It's all a lie.
No, don't listen to it. Okay.
Um
uh I'm going to tell only the truth
about everything. Um anyway, I was
thinking
uh out of curiosity here, I'll put this
on screen right now.
Which one of these albums chat have you
guys not really heard from me yet?
The likelihood we're not going to do
anything post cutie marks. So nothing
post cutie marks. So everything just
like in this area and I guess fairy
tales for the
water looked pretty interesting.
Good one. Winter's end. I haven't heard
glitter.
The ones without ponies. Well,
[__] apathy. Uh, Twilight, he has a
pony album, so it's whatever. Starship
simulation.
Um,
there's colorless
fairy tales. I listen to I don't know if
we can listen to fairy tales in one
sitting because this is like a
three-hour album. I don't know why I did
that, but I did do that.
Haven't heard my acoustics yet.
H four is in the panel 17 of chapter one
of the comics.
I'm voicing for the comic dub and this
is the stones. Panel 17.
Oh, wrong window.
This is the one we want.
Um, we go to the classic Violet Wiki,
which is a which by the way is now
linked on my website. Huzzah.
Um, you can get the comic series here.
Here they're panel 17.
was 17. This was
talking about this one. Oh, no, no, no.
This one.
So, what are we talking about on this
panel?
Know what the * 4 17
Oh, I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I
see. Um,
that's Arya humming
like
said the way you draw Cadence changed so
much. Help.
Yeah, this is this is like Yeah. When
did this when was this posted? This was
just this was just after Monarch had
come out like a couple weeks. Cadence
the way all of us have drawn Cadence
changed so much
even in this panel.
Um but
if it wasn't obvious Arya is inspired by
like a few different League of Legends
characters allin one. obviously Lamb of
Kindred
partially, very much so.
Um, but yeah,
a little bit of Lilia, too. I like Lilia
a lot from League of Legends,
but
um, hold on. Let's see. Do you ever
think if you do a full album remaster or
do you think it'll be similar pattern to
Daybreak Fall? Um,
so, uh, I have a couple of things. So, I
would really like to remaster or or re
remaster and redo Love Letters, for
example.
Um,
I'd really like to redo and remaster
Queen of Misfits.
Uh, and I'd really like to remaster and
redo Aloe and Lotus
because these three, that's funny,
they're in a row here. Uh, these three
albums I feel like have uh a lot of
potential to be so much better than what
they are.
Um, my issue is Love Letters, the vocal
mixing is terrible. Some of the vocal
delivery is bad. A lot of the
instrumentation and like production is
not up to standard. Uh, Alo and Lotus,
we're changing the I we've talked about
Alo and Lotus quite a bit uh on streams
already. This has been something we've
been talking about for like the last 6
months. Um, but Alo and Lotus, we we
want to change the uh the characters uh
then the whole narrative
of of Alo and Lotus. And um lyrically,
only a few lyrics need to actually
change in order for that to work out. Um
I was going to make this album about uh
Big Mac and uh Sugar Bell instead.
Um, and then
uh, Queen of Misfits.
We talked about this like two streams
ago. [__] you can remove half the
songs on this album and it's like a
better album as a result. It's just so
bloated. It's It's too much. It doesn't
need to be like this. And for the songs
that we keep, the production needs to be
improved and the mixing and mastery
needs to be improved a lot.
And the vocal mixing needs to be
improved and the vocal delivery needs to
be improved.
When did you know you wanted to make
music and start making music
consistently? I don't know. I like
it's complicated because I didn't really
there there are two jumps in quality
that happened uh from Winter's End all
the way to
uh Apathy.
I was sort of like just playing around
really. I wasn't trying to go crazy.
Mystic Acoustics was the first time I
tried to like lock in a little bit, you
know, a little bit, not all the way. And
then when Cutie Marks came out, you
know, uh, four years later, wow, that's
four years.
It's been four years since Cutie Marks.
Oh, that's so interesting. Cutie Marks
is as old now as Mystic Acoustics was
when Cutie Marks came out. Wow.
Interesting. Anyway, um when we hit
Cutie Marks and this became really
popular, that's when I was like, "Okay,
time to lock in for real this time." You
know what I mean? Cuz um before I had
the current following that I have in the
audience, you know, I was just like, you
know, playing around and learning and
and and trying to improve as an artist
and stuff. nothing of these were like
trying to like really like test my metal
or anything and cutie marks you know
happened to u become very popular and so
that's when I was like you know mystic
acoustics was that first let's lock in
moment and then cutie marks was like
after that I was like okay let's like
lock in all the way and then Fish
Whisper is the first album I did when I
locked in all the way
um but it was around the time that I did
home word that I was like I kind of want
to do music as like my career,
which is probably surprising given how
many [__] albums I made before then.
Why it took till home word to feel that
way. It's just like I don't know. I was
trying a lot of other things
academically. I was looking into going
to business. I was looking into going to
psychology. I was like trying like
political science. I was getting into a
bunch of different things in university
and I was like, I I'm very fascinated
about this. But when I did homework, I
was like, oh, I love this. I'm not I'm
not getting tired of this [__] and I'm
only getting better, I think. So,
favorite album we've made, Love and Pony
Step. Easy. And that's not recency bias.
Uh, and yes, I am living off my music
right now. I do this full-time, which is
partially why I'm able to do so much
music, and I don't tour either.
Um, anyway, so
again, one more one more roll call. Uh
because I'm going to do these CD
signings and I can't just sign them all.
I have to unwrap all of them first and I
have to be delicate about it. Um
which which precut Marks album should we
listen to while I do these? I'm going to
put it on like kind of a low volume. I'm
going to talk to chat and stuff. We're
it's it's going to be pretty chill.
Would you ever tour? Um, if I can if I
can fix my insomnia problem, maybe
kind of misfit.
Put down albums that you haven't heard
before. By the way,
I want to play something people haven't
heard before.
Even if it's as like dog [__] as
Winter's End, you know, if you guys want
to hear Winter's End, let's listen to
Winter's End because I want to talk
about these albums,
Love Letters, Sur Assimulation. I've
heard all of them. Well, you shout out
to you. Also, your art's crazy. So, I've
never heard Glitter. Oh, you know what's
funny is like Glitter is objectively far
better in quality than most of these
earlier albums. And yet, Glitter is like
maybe the most boring album to me aside
from Apathy up to that point that I've
made because, you know, Winter's End, as
dog [__] as it is, is still interesting
and like silly and I can like kind of
get into that silliness. Glitter is just
so I can't glitter's really boring to
me.
Winter makes me scared. Haven't heard
acoustics.
Love letters.
Winter and jealousy or love letters
should all be for Monica Monsters.
That's Yeah, that's that's so
interesting. Um, yeah, we're I'm going
to try my best to release every single
one of these albums on CD at least once
and that includes Winter's End. Now, I'm
probably only going to do a 100 CD run
of Winter's End because I don't imagine
everyone's going to want that. It's
mostly just going to be for like the the
completionists. I would be
I don't know how to gauge this because
originally I sold uh I'm Craig Flow as a
limited CD release. I did 100 copies cuz
I was like no one's going to really want
this. And then I'm Craig Flow all 100
copies sold out in less than 60 seconds.
So I don't know how to gauge this [__]
anymore to be honest.
realizing parts of Winter's and Monarch
blew my mind. Yeah. Yeah.
Because it's like Monarch uh, you know,
recontextualizes a lot of childhood
memories and Winter's End is, you know,
one of those things.
Are going to any BronCons? I think I'm
done with Ponycons.
You might need to do more than 100. Is
there any way 100 people are going to
buy Winter's N CD? Like genuinely.
Um,
you know what? I think I've like put
this into everyone's mouths anyway
because I was like talking about it so
much. But let's just let's listen to
Winter's End while we do this actually.
I think
um
what's funny is
just this just this uh opening track was
an experiment, you know, to feel out
what the Starship Ponyville series would
sound like. Also, I feel like I could
I'll show the thing I've been working
on. Uh where is my Figma?
Wait, wrong one. Not BRB. I'm It's like
kind of a one moment. Oh,
[Laughter]
okay. This is not what I was looking
for, but there's this.
Mhm.
Like I I guess. I [__] guess. Mhm.
meaningless. It's the [__] whale
text. Okay, good. Um, what I'm looking
for is
why so unkind.
Uh,
not unkind.
Okay, this.
So, let me put the camera away for a
second. We'll bring it back. Um,
so
I was showing this a little bit on
stream a bit ago and I'm I'm still this
is still a work in progress, but this is
like all the lore stuff. Um, what was
definitely new since last time I showed
this on stream was this.
So obviously Starship Ponyville entails
most of the lore.
Uh Tales from the Locust entails like
Carousel and Monarch as Monarch of
Monsters. But these things still
interact with each other. For example,
obviously the comic series is a big part
of Sapphire Torrent and yet comic series
also deals with like top five videos. So
they still are intertwined with each
other but the the way you refer to the
series is based on its like umbrella
term.
Um, so, so specifically, the reason I'm
only showing this is because obviously
Starship Ponyville
is like the main thing here.
Um,
and
Winter's End came out all the way back
in 2013. You know, um, Silver and I had
been planning
uh, Starship Ponyville since 2012. We've
been writing and discussing it for a
long long long time. So, we'll play it
with your Zen and and no, this is like
the original like musical thesis for
Starship Ponyville, which has changed so
much, which is the the funny part of it.
So, let's get the camera back up
this over here.
And uh let's do this.
Oh, I think we have the isol. Okay,
actually funny. I think we have the
isolated uh vocals from this starting
part. Let's see. Uh
where is this?
My lowest rated song on album of the
year. That makes sense. Waffles is like
dog [__]
at Hello Feather.
Um, [__] Where is it?
Hold on. I have to find one. Uh
uh. [__] [__]
Oh, I'm so mad. I should have paid more
attention to this.
I might just have
[__] Why is it lying to me?
It's like lying to me. Okay, at some
point I will play the isolated vocals
from the start of this song,
but
I'll I'll play the intro really quickly
and then I'll narrate it afterwards.
from 20 beginning of 2013. Will you ever
Okay, so
super unserious, you know, Star Trek
Ponyville, you know, we we've come so
far in how the narrative actually works,
but this this itself
um so unserious. Um, let's see. Let's
let me narrate this. So, it's tus.
That's silver. Silver says tminus derp
seconds.
Starship, you are clear.
And that's me uh saying, "Starship
Ponyville, you are cleared for takeoff.
Departure in a few derps. Uh, please
remain seated."
That was Silver saying all hoes report
and then they got interrupted because I
think I started trolling them. I think I
started like poking them or something
and we started laughing.
All report to the main
All hooves report to the main derp.
Please don't touch me is what I said.
And that's Silver saying fire up all
engines if you know what I mean.
12 years ago. This is 12 years ago.
Okay,
now turn down.
Hey, I'm here to take ponies.
Wait, I didn't hear you coming to the
call.
That's cuz I'm silent and evil and you
probably shouldn't hear it cuz you were
wait for like half a second.
Squid. Hello, bro.
Also, I like might have deactivated the
alarm system. you. The alarm uh the
security system takes control of
Squidward's house.
The security system takes control of
Violet's house.
[Music]
Remember reading someone said that they
thought this this part gave them
trypophobia but like an auditory form.
I don't even really know what we were
thinking with this sound.
I think I had just discovered how
contact sampler works. Was like playing
around with the pitching.
There's got to be a
bitter. Oh, there we go.
Hello. Record store.
Sounds like Arca. It's not nearly as
good of not nearly good enough to be the
worst of Arca's discoraphy.
This part goes on for so long, too,
with like no anything going on,
but then this happens. And I I kind of
like this part a lot. I like the chord
progression.
Meow meow meow meow.
[Music]
Gwen, I have three riddles for you.
Actually, only two. I'm smart.
Uh, can you if you if you if you if
you're okay, can you answer these right
now so I can work on it?
Uh, yeah.
Just like in text.
Yeah,
like
I remember. Okay, so a lot of the sounds
in the song are samples cuz I didn't
know how to do sound design yet. And I
had this like growl sound from dubstep
monster base volume 2. And this sound
here that right here,
I was like really excited about how I
was using that cuz it made it sound like
a guitar even though it was a growl.
I thought that was really neat when I
was like little.
[Music]
Honestly, maybe this album ain't bad.
Can you like wait? This is like the best
song on the album already.
[Music]
Like, yeah, this song is like, okay, you
haven't heard the rest of this album.
You have no idea what's happening.
[Music]
The thing is, Feather, I don't think you
need to do sound design to make a good
song. It's just like it helps to learn
how to do sound design so you can like
hear something in your head and be like,
I don't need to make that that way.
I still think this is a good song
despite the fact that it's like mostly
just like growl samples.
But this is like, you know, this is an
example of using samples in a really
interesting way. The rest of this album
does not really, you know, do what the
song does.
By the way, I have to open 83 of these
and sign 83 of these.
So, this is this is the first 10.
Meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow.
[Music]
Okay, that was like the last good song
you guys get to have until Nightmare of
Night part one. After Nightmare Night
part one, we should listen to uh the
remake actually.
So again, guys, this album was from 12
years ago. I made this 12 years ago with
Silver.
Oh, this [__] annoying FM. I I
actually did make this base. You can
tell cuz it's ass.
Uh just 83 cuz it's a you have to be a
patron and you have to fill out a form
to get it signed.
[Music]
Should I be scrabbling this? I forgot to
scrabble the first song. I'll scrable
this. So
[Music]
yeah, my space bar is split in two.
I should have thought about this.
[Music]
You actually like this melody? Well,
good. Because I didn't make it. It's
just like a loop I had.
Is it just being presented by itself?
[Music]
I have more question.
Mhm.
It in the in in the chat.
Okay, I'll check.
[Music]
[__] stupid ass sample.
Oh, okay. Oh, that that yoy base not
doing it for me.
Spaghetti shout out in the corner. Yeah,
spaghetti is listening with us.
I don't know what it is about this song
that's just like having the Balloon
Party logo like flash before my eyes.
That makes a lot of sense. I was
inspired a lot by Balloon Party. Uh
Raha, is that how you pronounce your
name? Um
I'm not currently planning any other
appearances like that right now, but I'm
not necessarily opposed to it. It's just
uh me and Yov are friends, so uh I was
he originally wanted me to open for him
last year, but I just didn't I wasn't
feeling up to it, so we ended up doing
it this year. Also, are you the same
person I like just followed on
Instagram? Cuz you're if you're that
person I just followed, like your art's
[__] insane.
Your name looks familiar. I'm going to
double check really quickly.
Yeah. Here.
This one here.
You did a Oh, you did a fan art, I
think. I'm trying to remember which one
it was. There's been so much fan art for
Love Pony Stone. I like lost track of it
all.
I wonder if I saved it.
I always forget to save them.
I don't think I might have forgotten to
save it,
but I think you it was like level 20
step one.
Oh, this [__]
stupid ass sample.
Funny. Back where you began. That song
was long. Yeah, even though it was 4
minutes, it was funny is it was shorter
than Starship Ponyville, but it's just
cuz it was so like grading that it feels
so long. Um,
fun fact, I hadn't switched to Ableton
yet, but this opening synth I made in
Ableton because I had like a a copy,
like a physical copy that my dad owned.
I just installed it for fun. Whoopee.
Gwen, can we expect a remake of
Seductive Turtle on Promise Complex?
Not on Promise Complex, but maybe
elsewhere.
Also, uh, check chat, please.
this [__]
I
I don't know what we were doing here
with I don't know what we were doing
here with this.
But yeah, uh Raha, we should like we
should link up. I want to commission you
for something at some point cuz your art
is like super crazy.
just like DM me on an Instagram cuz I
will like forget.
I like am like really good at forgetting
what I'm doing.
Okay, that's the first 20 CDs open. It's
not even signed.
Uh this this drop I actually did a lot
of the sound design for. You can tell
cuz it's like really thin sounding.
Yeah, I did most of the sound design for
this song. That's interesting. I kind of
forgot.
And that crash sound, the I took from an
art attack song from a
uh balloon party
because of the devil pico.
I think it's the break it crash.
Is it weird that you like this? No, it's
like fine. It's like
not high quality, but it's fun.
Sorry, it took me like
20 seconds to realize like what you were
saying.
That's okay. I'm speaking kind of fast
right now.
All I heard was my was like what?
This vocal sample makes no [__] sense
here. It's so distracting.
Okay. And after again after Nightmare
Night part one, we'll listen to the uh
the remake that I did 12 years later.
Yeah.
And the reason why I remade Nightmare
Night part one is because on this album,
it's like the best song on the on on
this 2013 album.
And the chord progression is still super
cool even by current standards. I don't
know how I wrote the progression that
interesting when I was like 14.
I thought the transition was better than
that. Whatever.
[Music]
Gwin chat bubba. Okay. Uh
Turn those up because the mixing is a
little weird.
I did about half the sound design in
these drops.
at this part. This chord progression,
I was [__] on to something with this
one. I don't know.
[Music]
You acquired her ride on. Oh man,
I'm never living this down.
It's fine. I've been shiny breeding
Gastly for about two days now.
That's 30 CDs down. Here's here's batch
40.
[Music]
No [__] clue what this section was
supposed to be. This there's like it
takes a nose dive here just
or just like no momentum whatsoever.
And with dance music, you really have to
do you really have to pay attention to
flow of energy.
[Music]
that arbat.
Wow.
thing is a lot of these old songs is
they don't do a lot to like use the full
length that they have to do stuff
interesting.
And that's like really loud for no
reason.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
And with this, I was trying to
transition into Nightmare Night part
two.
You can hear the secondary drum loop.
when it comes in here like this.
Darth Vader says, "DJ Pone 3 would be so
proud of you for making DJ type songs
XD."
Yeah, I'm I'm so I'm so sure about it.
Um, okay. So, obviously it transitions
into that. Let's do uh
let's do Nightmare Night the remake. So,
again, uh 12 years later, I redid that
song and that's this one.
[Music]
Oh, jealousies and vicious things
from these angel wings.
You meet the place you made a name
magic she
get to hear this like progression used
to its fullest potential this time.
[Music]
Oh, sister. Sister,
what do you deserve?
If you could
Okay, bash 40.
[Music]
Halfway done opening all these.
We got a royal problem on ours
on this nightmare
night.
[Music]
There's nothing to do.
Of course, I did all the sound design
for this.
[Music]
Hello.
Heat.
[Music]
Oh, and fun fact that that Sound is also
the same thing from
[Music]
Same thing
cuz it's from the My Name is vinyl song.
Sing that song one more time. You're
just a thorn in my soul.
It's too easy to be you. Just smile away
from running.
You got everything that you wanted.
Even got me gone.
[Music]
Oh, sister. You called me good, but you
couldn't be more wrong.
We've got a royal problem on our
nobody here
on the side.
[Music]
There's nothing
forever.
[Music]
You're That's
And just as I finished batch 50, was it?
Yeah, batch.
Okay, three more to go. And back to
Winter's End. So, that was the uh
Nightmare Night remake. Here's part two.
If I remember correctly,
I didn't do a lot of the sound design
for this song. So,
[Music]
Why is it split into two parts? Cuz it's
a different song technically.
[Music]
And also you have to remember I was
coming from progressive rock music so I
like multi-sectional songs.
[Music]
What?
Just like stops at random moments for no
reason.
[Music]
It's taking a breath.
Oh yeah. Feather, when are you linking
up with Azure?
This should happen.
[Music]
It just it just nothing happens in this
song. It just keeps doing stuff.
Uhoh.
[Music]
when Chrissy just reminded me. Um,
aren't you you still have to ask us for
our addresses, right?
Yeah, I'll do a I'll do a spreadsheet
later.
Okay. I'm doing that after all this
stuff because I don't want to get mixed
up in the batch batch shipping.
Yeah. Yeah, it makes sense.
I also have to pay more attention to
those ones.
Okay. Um,
two more to go.
These chords are the best part of the
song. Yeah, I didn't make the chords.
So, okay, now we're on to like the
annoying part of the album. Like,
fabulosity all the way to Fly Away. This
is just going to be like annoying city.
So, everyone uh whatever piece you may
have had throughout the rest of the
album so far, that's just going to go
away now.
cuz the rest of this album is like
really annoying up until we get up to a
reflection.
This is technically my first released
album. I had written three or four
albums before this, but those had never
been released.
[Music]
I did make these cords though.
Don't tap the glass. Don't tap the
glass. Don't tap the glass.
Don't stop.
My brain knew swelled here like hearing
that the first time.
What is this drop, man?
That's just like one fat saw wave. I
guess
the [__] Rarity is screaming like why
[__]
the [__] riser.
By the way, in EDM music, VIP stands for
um variation in production. Usually VIP
has been used as a way to like describe,
oh, I remixed my own song, so it's a
VIP. It's a variation in production. I
need you to understand this. There was
no Fabulosity normal version.
It's just called Fab Fabulosity VIP even
though this is the original version. I I
don't know why we decided that
[Music]
this [__] that's [__] like a hoover
is so like weird,
[Music]
you know? Guys, I always like wondered
why people just put very important
person at the end of some of their
songs.
Oh, no. It stands for uh variation in
production.
It might have been derived from, you
know, the original VIP though.
Yeah, Brayburn's a very confusing song.
We'll get to that.
[Music]
I kind of like this section. It's like
kind of okay. And I did make these
chords and melodies and
it's fine.
This is like fine.
But then Rarity will come screaming in
again.
[Music]
But then it's that [__] ass riser. It's
like so like obnoxious.
[Music]
[__] Rarity is screaming.
We should do that.
I don't even remember what episode
that's from.
Daddy said
[Music]
okay. Last ones to unpack.
Oh. Oh, that glitch. Oo, crazy.
Ooh.
[Music]
I do remember liking that first glitch a
lot when I first heard this song.
I was like very proud of it for some
reason when I was 14
Gwen. What does
someone Hudson Niko asked what does
Princey's foreshadow mean in the name of
the last song? Was there a lord of this
album
there? There. Yeah, it was like supposed
to be Starship Ponyville adjacent, but
like it didn't mean anything.
I mean, one of the songs literally
I pony let such a crime against I
I don't know what this is.
Gwen, when are we getting Winter's End
booklet? When are we getting Winter's
End fanfic?
No.
Okay. All right.
Here comes Waffles.
This song is so [__] embarrassing.
[Music]
I like the low brekie song.
Buffles.
Okay.
Mhm.
[Music]
I don't know what to say about this.
I don't really have much to say about
it.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
just right back in it.
There's like no bridge or anything. It
just puts you back in this essentially.
[Music]
Oh, the anxiety.
Okay,
they're all open now.
We'll sign them.
That is why I was thrilled you not sober
like sure man.
Nothing.
Let's spin this.
[Music]
So, it's kind of smudged.
I'll put this aside for a bit.
[Music]
Got
you.
[Music]
I don't think I did like any of the
sound design for this one.
No, I'm not going to give anyone the
smudged one. I'm I'm just doing a new
one.
Try to avoid that as much as possible.
[Music]
Penguin
H.
Don't smudge the signing. Don't smudge
the sign.
Okay.
Like fine.
Like one time I hooked her up with this
wicked cool dude and she totally snugged
him.
And then she snubbed it.
Oh god, they're cones. What are you
doing?
[__]
Sure, man.
Quinn. Gwen. Gwen. H.
An angel with a long shot during the
radio thing after 32.7 The Creek. The
drop that plays for like 5 seconds.
Please tell me that's a real song. I
just haven't heard yet. I'm new.
Wait, who said that? Oh.
Hey, you should go listen to hit EP
Control Freaks Part One by Violet J.
Pony.
Yeah, it's from It's from Control
Freaks.
It's from uh
It's this
Oh, are you going to
No.
[Music]
No frenzy if you played it. So, I'm glad
you don't.
Oh, oh,
oh. I have to approve every message with
the word sexy in it cuz it censors it
automatically.
That's reasonable.
It is reasonable, but it's really funny.
I think
she said there's no way you can make a
dishwasher that cleans dishes with. And
I was like, screw that. I'm scratch.
It was a good day.
Okay, here's Braver. Oh my god.
Best of luck, father.
[Music]
God, these
that's almost sounds like it's a
something that would come up in Horse
Friends Later.
[Music]
Record Store Musical Note Video Tape
Blu-ray Partn said, "Don't tap the
glass.
Daddy said, "Okay,
[Applause]
uh, yes.
Whatever, man.
There's nothing about the song that
makes any sense whatsoever.
This is the humble upbringing. We got
some monarchy from this.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
[Music]
Like what is this? What is this base?
Stop.
Enough of this. Michael is done.
[Music]
Heat.
Air pollution.
[Music]
again. Whoever at the at the beginning
of this was like, "Oh, this maybe this
album's not bad."
Whatever, man.
There's too much going on.
Song has ox potential. No, it doesn't.
[Music]
Here's
where we have our Wild West dances. And
here's where we have our Mild West
dances.
But Braburn, we can't.
And here's
Okay, at least we get to have seductive
turtle now.
Said no, no, no.
What do you mean? No, no, no.
No.
Relax.
You're beautiful.
Around here, we love seductive turtle.
Wait.
[Music]
Nerk said use we
said no no no.
Nerk said you love it.
[Music]
Seductive turtle the nature is silvered.
This is Silver's narration.
As they go to their males, they
seductively seduce them. But as they get
babies, they eat them.
By the time they are done eating, they
search for another male to eat
seductively. That concludes the
seductive turtle. Please be careful.
They're everywhere. Seductive turtles.
If you if you engage in one, please call
your doctor999.
[Music]
Seductive turtle.
Least I can tell you that I made this
sound design.
They eat the
seductive.
[Music]
Please call your doctor.
They eat them.
Oh, thank you, Red Leader Block. Did you
know guys know there's a turtle in the
new Smurfs movie who's voiced by
Marshmallow?
That's not good.
That said, yes. And now we know.
At the very least, I didn't know that.
[Music]
Seductive turtle.
Oh, the halftime.
It's Marshmallow.
We're going halftime here.
Please call your doctor
to eat them.
Seductive turtle. Turtle. Turtle.
Turtle.
If you engage in a word, please call
your doctor. 999999.
Please be careful. They're everywhere.
Seductive turtles.
Now he said, "Okay."
And then this song was one of the first
times I I released a song with vocals
that I did.
One of the first few times at least.
[Music]
Have you ever wanted to just fly That's
the one with the Fluttershy picture.
[Music]
Babby Violet singing.
[__] no vocals here.
[Music]
Like there were supposed to be
said coming to you from Bava City.
[Music]
Okay, CD signings are done.
Are you sure?
Yes.
[Music]
Check again.
Hey, can I say something evil?
Sure.
I think I heard this song in like 2014.
I'm sorry
cuz I remember I heard your I heard your
no matter what and I think I also heard
this cuz I remember this.
How old? What?
That was like 11 years ago.
Yeah, that was a [__] while ago, huh?
I was I was that's when I like initially
got into My Little Pony and then there
was like and then I like got I got like
bullied out of it and then for like
eight or nine years I like didn't really
engage with it but just kind of like
knew it like existed and I got back into
it. Wait, eight or n Yeah, eight or
nine. Wait, no. I can't do math. I'm
like like I'm so good at doing math.
Like five like five years, right? Five
or five or six years.
Very
good.
[Music]
I want to fly.
I want to cry.
Kindness growing.
Oh, cut me
along.
This is the
[Music]
Interesting line, right?
Not this one.
[Music]
What are these drawings for? They're for
the love of drawing. Um,
out of all the Gwen Cyrus plays as out
of Oh.
Oh,
[Music]
okay. Go on.
Uh, Cyrus Plays asks, "Out of all the
characters you've made, which one is
closest to you?"
I don't I don't know. Honestly, right
now it's Vid, but that'll change maybe.
Okay.
Pilford's probably second up there.
You kind you you have a kind of top five
video swag around you.
I would not be I also would not be
surprised if you randomly started
shapeshifting like Pilford.
I I will probably do that very soon.
Okay. Yay.
So, Reflection
is a song that
um the chord progression from Revenge
Fantasy comes from. So, I'll play that
really quickly.
[Music]
Let's see the fight.
So remember that progression.
Heat. Heat. N.
[Music]
Heat.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
[Music]
Happy said hello. Hello, Py.
What's Py?
[Music]
Hello. I'm like a Bluey head character.
Guys, it's the real Blue.
[Music]
Oh [__] you wrote it the name of me.
this [__] ass R.
starred.
You're starred.
Starting
a
cat
cafe
board for
dogs.
Oh, [__] Yes.
Oh,
[Music]
it's very important. It's not a dog
cafe.
He said, "Yes,
it is a cat cafe for dogs.
We put all our money into those."
And here's winter's end.
[Music]
Let the base.
I did make this base, too.
Let the base kick.
[Music]
Hey.
Winter
and awesome holiday.
[Music]
This is a part from
Monarch.
[Music]
Let the base kick.
Let the sunshine
melt the white.
[Music]
Cuz
here is here is here.
is here.
Okay, so that was Winter's End. And of
course, that last part or in and the
bridge as well is what's in this part of
Revenge Fantasy.
Build the floor.
[Music]
So that's what happens there.
Yeah.
Okay. Oh, what's interesting is like I
was just like drawing to finish out that
section. Um, can't find my [__]
markers.
I have a lot of
I haven't been drawing traditionally.
No idea.
Help.
Don't tap the glass. Don't tap the
glass. Don't tap the glass. Don't tap
the glass. Don't tap the glass. Okay.
Taps the glass.
Okay. Taps the glass.
Yeah. I have no [__]
Oh, wait. I found them.
Daddy said don't tap the glass. Don't
tap the glass. Don't tap the glass.
It's okay. I'm tapping the glass
anyways.
I found
my marker.
Forgot about them. I kind of feel like
there's
Oh, yeah.
Where's the rest of my [__] That's a
question I have.
Sorry, I ate it. I was hungry.
Oh.
Oh, you
have like all this [__] and I never use
it.
I could easily just do like
God, I have too many things here.
Um,
in call we have me, Beatatric,
um, Stardust, Gwen, obviously that's
like,
um, and Baddy and Pico are here. Who the
[__] is Gwen?
Yeah, who the [__] is Gwen? Wait, why
are we even here? What's happening?
How did I get here?
Well, said I'm bad.
That's bad.
Zinc. Zinc says, "Next, can we have
Violet Pony stream without Violet Pony?"
Um, so that would just like devolve into
like Gru or some [__] I don't know.
Would it? Or is that because you're
deciding it would
good
to something eventually cuz we would
have no clear direction.
Oh, hello Canerius. Trout opener.
Who's this?
work.
I want another light of blue.
Too dark.
Like a big fat yellow. Big fat yellow.
That is orange.
Daddy said, "Can we listen to Soviet
serin in Taco's song?"
Can we
Okay,
that's for you.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Miss my most happiest moment of life.
[Music]
Do I know how to draw a seashell?
kind of like a seashell
[Music]
or clam rather
said it's raining tacos
[Music]
mouth Close
your eyes.
It's raining dark.
[Music]
[Applause]
Some type of caddyy creature.
[Music]
Ya.
That's a cannibal.
[Music]
spontaneous drawing. for no reason.
Thank you.
[Music]
Okay,
Daddy said. Excellent.
[Music]
And also,
and also this one too is really kind.
No need to ask
[Music]
your
Raining
ghost.
[Music]
Top five videos 32 is happening at some
point. Yeah.
Do you think anyone would want would
want the smudged the smudged signing
one?
The sludged signing one.
The sludged signing.
Um, Chloe, are you up for me doing a one
shot?
Yeah. Okay,
we can one shot one kill. [__] a reload.
That'll probably be me heading off then
since I missed all the
stream.
Okay,
watch back.
You can always do the vods.
Mhm.
Yeah.
All right.
See you guys.
Be good. Pico
eat 100
200 shrimps
for me.
300 shrimps.
Three 400 because of that
anymore.
Going once.
Going twice.
Sold the 500 shrimp in the back.
Oh [__]
Okay, I will be right back and then uh I
will be right back and then we'll do one
shot.
I missed two but I don't want to leave.
Lol.
You don't have to leave Patty.
Okay, I'll be back.
[Music]
stands before her eyes. She thinks to
herself
what will become of us. A world that was
shrouded unknown to the universe till
now.
Oh,
find
a place
among
the stars.
telling the tales of their people.
The legend of the three that burden
hold
silence and duty and the secrets of the
past are held by one
[Music]
The stars
and the echo of the legacies they hold
manifest themselves.
A thunder
in the land of tears and spirits.
Hold the faith. The devil will reveal
himself again.
[Music]
Come
on.
Back.
[Music]
feel.
Hey
I'll be waiting waiting waiting.
[Music]
You'll never be
again.
How my heart had for this.
The fires that forged me
are now a heart of my wish.
Falling back
to love
from the cler.
I always
hatch
[Music]
mother.
me.
Me.
[Music]
Oh.
the You should never stop.
Heat.
[Music]
I'll be waiting, waiting, waiting,
waiting.
[Music]
It could be hurt.
like
[Music]
to meeny
what
[Music]
you're
not me
[Music]
Oh,
Be advised, hostile lonear inbound.
[Music]
One shot, one kill. [__] a reload.
Scream your heart.
I'm in love with the thought of you.
Let your be true.
I'm not liking your
fibers of your heart.
I'm not going crazy. I'm your
[Music]
dream.
Deadly force is authorized.
[Music]
I don't want to be about it. I don't
want to be about it, but you make me
feel
[Music]
all about the game. Don't have regrets.
Control is fast. I am a [__] and I'm
hard to get
a [__] out of my way. Little [__]
wouldn't jump on that right now. I don't
care about the body count. I don't care
who I put in the ground. Right now you
wish smile for you because you'll join
them when we're done. Feeling
alive with those
but every
[Music]
I don't want to be a
me.
[Music]
Okay. Okay.
Good morning.
We get
[Music]
Oh, hello Tracy.
Yeah, Tracy's here.
Whether you like it or not, I
[Music]
let the song play out a little bit.
What's the key in BPM for this song?
Um, it should be like 150 beats per
minute and like C minor.
Okay. Um, let me see.
I have the files music assets here and
then
stems.
Yeah, it's 150 beats per minute C minor,
but it's C minor plus uh
A= 446. So, it's not in 440 tuning.
So, if you're having trouble getting it
to sound like it works in C minor, you
need to make sure everything's tuned to
instead of 440.
How many sense would that be?
And what happened to the original edit
anyway? Um, it's it's sort of just not a
thing.
it was no longer necessary or desired to
to exist. Essentially,
there are a few reasons why. Um, namely
because I wanted the song to be
appropriate for everyone working on the
music video.
Um, and then I ended up just being like,
I kind of like this version anyway than
the original version,
so I ended up staying with it.
Okay,
here we are.
and steam.
We are one shot.
Also, just a [__] random ass thing,
but I made this uh height chart for
Starship Ponyville.
This is kind of fun to look at. Hey,
Steam was kind of fun to look at.
Celestia is just huge.
This is huge.
This is huge news.
I love Raina size.
Huge fan of Raina size.
No Man's Sky is updating.
I haven't played No Man's Sky in a
million years.
Why is every tab in the universe open?
What's my league rank? I don't really
play ranked anymore. Whenever I do play
league,
I was something like silver something
before the rank rework.
Oh, hello.
I have to make sure my audio is working.
[Music]
Okay,
someone in call say something.
Did everyone in chat hear that?
[Music]
And can everyone hear the game?
Excellent.
[Music]
Anyway,
yeah, I can hear you.
[Music]
I was gaming. I mean, I was anti-gaming.
You left without tucking them into bed.
Oh, true.
[Music]
H
the
audio the audio exch.
Yeah, it's going to have to
unfortunately.
Oh, okay.
Just because of the setup.
One shot refuses to transmit audio
normally.
[Music]
Cactus.
It's half full.
[Music]
Oh, I get her.
Think
I went through all these doors.
Okay, I know there is this direction,
but I don't remember if I missed
anything this way.
[Music]
Oh, that was you. Oh, yes.
Well, you are a clock.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Guess I'll come back here at some point.
[Music]
Maybe I should go the other direction.
This place is so sprawling. I don't know
where to go specifically first.
I will simply carry on where I was
before.
First
[Music]
It's very warm.
You're the Messiah.
[Music]
I like just as funding.
Mhm.
[Music]
City Skylines. No way.
Hold on.
Where are my puppies sponsored by
Cheetos?
Here
[Music]
I am with my sponsored by Cheetos. Also,
Nico, run with scissors.
Run, Nico, run.
[Music]
Do it on purpose.
Bad influenc.
No.
Okay, so I guess we're done with this
area.
[Music]
Go nap. Okay, Nico's napping.
Okay, rise and shine.
[Music]
Oh,
pancakes.
[Music]
So kind. Mhm.
That it.
Hey, Violent. There's a typo in your
stream title. No, there isn't.
[Music]
Are you a Are you a big Halflife fan?
No, I've never played it.
[Music]
Am I a small Half-Life fan
asking the real questions? Yeah, she is
kind of small.
[Music]
I'm small but fat. So, it's like depends
on which kind of small.
Mhm.
I'm short.
Yeah.
Who are you?
[Music]
Are you a middle-sized Half-Life fan?
No. But in 20, 30 years, I might be a a
middle-aged Halfife fan.
[Music]
More like 20. 40 is middle-aged, right?
Yes.
What is middle-aged? I'm looking this
up.
[Music]
45 to 65. Okay. Yeah. 20 years.
I've middle-aged at 24.
[Music]
Not even how old I am.
Good job, Nico.
Halflife by Swans is a cop mention
[Music]
the car pay is unjust. I mean, we should
hate actual cops, but like the album Cop
by Swans is good.
[Music]
Need what?
Okay.
[Music]
I'll I'll find out what those numbers
mean in a moment or later or whatever
the trick.
[Music]
Should I be scared of this game?
uh
down.
Well, maybe
[Music]
Hi, Nico. Ow.
Yeah.
[Music]
Cats are persons.
Nico, where are we going?
Oh, does this loop?
Uh, I don't remember.
[Music]
It looks like it's looping.
Sorry, I got to do something with that
tape.
[Music]
Huh?
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
figure it out.
I'm going to speak with Scrunchley.
Okay.
[Music]
Hold on.
Surely
[Music]
it was looping for a reason.
And also
[Music]
[__]
Oh,
so it was 63014.
But what does that mean?
Three, two,
[Music]
what does that number display do? I
wonder.
[Music]
same texture.
Six.
Well, those windows are they have That's
interesting. Um
[Music]
63014.
It has a reason that I'm allowed to look
over at that.
[Music]
I feel like it has something to do with
the amount of windows that have the
lights turned on. I move the mouse. I
forgot about that.
[Music]
Maybe not. was the same.
Is it the same as before?
[Music]
Cuz that first one has six.
And there's highlighted four buildings.
1 2 3 4 five. Sorry. Five. I mean
[Applause]
63014.
[Music]
That's five numbers.
Do I go Do I go left?
Do I do it this way?
[Music]
I recognize these buildings again.
It's like the same each time.
Does the reflection matter?
[Music]
I don't I don't know.
Stardust, am I on the right track or no?
Um,
do you have two things in your inventory
that can't interact that you haven't
tried yet?
Not the weird film.
No.
[Music]
And they're both things you've gotten in
this section specifically.
Okay.
I keep doing that one.
Oh,
[Music]
I go get the tape now. Mhm. Okay.
No.
[Music]
All right.
Okay,
that's something.
Yeah.
[Music]
Huh?
No worries.
66 63 014
[Music]
Oh, they just know who I am.
I mean, yeah, if there was like a big
prophecy with Jesus and your world was
dying, it's like,
but what was that other room?
[Music]
You'll find out later.
Mhm.
[Music]
Can I ask about his job again?
What am I eating?
Can't hear the game anymore.
Oh, whoops.
[Music]
[Applause]
Okay.
[Music]
Come on.
You don't need to be saying no, Nico.
It's okay.
[Music]
Hello.
Kind of
[Music]
This is too scary.
It's like fine.
[Music]
It looks like he ran.
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh.
Okay,
goodbye. Now
[Applause]
it's like kind.
This is too scary.
No, it's
[Music]
Oh, I get it.
Oh, there's an imaginal desk inside.
Damn it. Romance.
[Music]
They're guaranteed to contain only a
minimal amount of industrial byproducts.
Mhm.
I want dumplings.
You good?
[Music]
Hey,
Do
[Music]
What is this place?
What is this?
[Music]
Oh, so is that the one shot.
Is that the one shot? Is that the one
shot?
Hi.
First we won, then we shot. One shot.
Wait, make him white again.
Yeah,
the game just does this.
I don't quite know what that means just
yet.
Pity to know. The game just does this.
[Music]
Okay. But how how did you unlock that
door?
Oh, is this this area?
It is. Yeah.
[Music]
Should
[Applause]
I know at this point which lens is
supposed to go where?
Oh, hello.
[Music]
I can't find a pattern between these
things.
[Music]
Yeah, sorry. I have a walk through
pulled up.
Oh, it's okay. What I do notice is that
each of these lenses names have
incrementally one letter more than the
next.
So, out of curiosity,
that is irrelevant.
Well, [__]
Crazy coincidence then.
Mhm.
[Music]
Yeah. Okay, that didn't mean anything
though. But that is really interesting.
Okay,
I'll come back later.
[Music]
Okay.
This looks like the
[Music]
rotating.
Thank you. Management
[Applause]
[Music]
me when I get infected by the squares.
[Applause]
[Music]
You're doing a really good job.
These guys are crunching the numbers.
Mhm.
[Music]
Oh,
hey.
[Music]
Aw, that's really kind.
It
is really funny that it stops spinning
to talk to you, though.
[Music]
Oh, Nico.
Mo's being rude.
Nico's just a fatty.
It true.
Oh [__]
[Music]
Oh, crunch the numbers.
She's crunching the numbers.
[Music]
Nico, there's like some sort of pale
approaching.
[Music]
That's a disco allesium reference for
the folks back home.
[__]
[Music]
no.
I was thinking about that.
[Music]
See,
I still don't know what that means yet.
Gwen, how big of an OFF fan are you? For
some reason, I can't conjure what OFF
means. I forget.
Off like the game.
What?
The off like the game with the batter.
Help.
Gwen hasn't played off. I'm a big off
fan though.
It's a game.
Yeah.
Go off.
It was actually one of Undertale's
inspirations.
Does it stand for something?
No, it's just the word off in all caps.
Um, and they're doing a re a remake.
It's coming out uh later this year. Um,
and Toby Fox is some of the music for it
because the original composer doesn't
want his work monetized. Oh, I see.
[Music]
I think we should, Nico. Let's [__]
fight.
[Music]
I is I'm going to go now.
Okay. B go and behave.
Good idea.
Take
the building. movie.
[Music]
I've seen this creature before.
Oh, yeah. I mean, Nico's pretty pretty
popular.
I have my Nico plush sitting next to me.
[Music]
Is this like
No, this is just something.
This is just the gate.
[Music]
I want to go over there, but you won't
let me cuz you're mean about everything.
[Music]
Somebody's got to do it.
plants, huh?
[Music]
Like our plant friend upstairs.
Huh?
[Music]
Oh my god. Wait, when did this game come
out? 2016,
something like that.
[Music]
When did Doctor Strange come out?
Well, okay. One shot originally came out
on the on 2014 the
uh
the Steam release I think was
or something like that. It was like
Yeah.
I might have been on like Ichio or
something before.
[Music]
I like these creatures.
I like this creature.
[Music]
George.
Yeah, her name is George.
Wait, that's awesome. Her name is
George.
Yeah.
[Music]
Reddit is down the hall and to the
right.
[Music]
I'm on my third cup.
Okay.
[Music]
I have not been tamed.
[Applause]
[Music]
No.
Okay.
[Music]
How do I get a library card?
Let's see.
That's the puzzle.
[Music]
I probably need to take a picture for
it.
Wait, what?
Did I not see that the first time?
Okay. No.
[Music]
I can imagine. Why?
Well, I guess I have that.
So, the stuff with the medicated water
and the seed is for an achievement and
it's a cute little side thing you can do
that I can help you at some point. Um,
okay.
They go to the same place. They don't
combine them.
Oh, I see.
Yes.
For the lens puzzle, I can tell you how
you're supposed to get the solution, or
I could just tell you the solution.
Uh,
I'm curious about it myself.
Like,
I felt like it had something to do with
the previous room over here, like this
one.
Bye.
[Music]
Do you want a yes or no?
I really want to figure it out myself.
I'm I'm
Yeah. Yeah. That's why I'm asking to
make sure
[Music]
Oh,
okay.
So the scientists will tell me
something.
[Music]
[Applause]
Hey,
[Music]
[Applause]
[__]
Wow.
[Music]
Oh.
I'm figuring it out.
Chippy
[Music]
[__]
Fun fact, that's how a real camera of
that type that's the lenses would go.
Interesting.
Yeah.
No one asked you to say cheese.
Yes.
[Music]
Yay!
Huzzah!
[Music]
Hello, George.
How did How does George know my name?
Prophecy, I guess.
I just realized that the [__]
these are eyes.
Yeah,
that's brilliant.
[Music]
bruh.
Bro, it's going to take some time.
[Music]
That's so strange.
George is a good character. I think
George.
[Music]
Yeah. Go now, Nico.
Violence, violence, violence, violence,
violence, violence, violence. Okay,
Nico, you didn't have to see all that.
Good.
I was just like committing violence and
such.
Holy. Holy [__]
American Truck Simulator.
Let's play [__] American Truck
Simulator.
Oh, you and your pancakes.
[Music]
Huh?
Not a good dream.
American Nico.
The nightmare. H. Ah. The nightmare.
Nico.
Yeah.
[Music]
Don't drop that thing.
Yeah, I'm kind of a bookworm.
one.
[Music]
What can I say? I'm I've got a flare for
the dramatic
[Music]
said. Okay.
Oh,
[Music]
sure, man.
Okay.
If you want to do the seed stuff, you
have to do it now.
Um,
it's completely optional. You don't have
to.
How long does it take?
Uh,
you have two pieces of the puzzle.
I'll check how you get the third.
[Music]
You have to go back to the um
the upstairs area where you started in
this area.
Oh, I see.
[Music]
Oh, okay.
Yeah, let's
Oh, you have to go back up there anyway.
So,
yeah, let's go get you some food.
[Music]
Oh,
we are here now and what is ahead of us
seems incredible.
Incredible might be a stretch.
[Music]
Mhm.
Good one, Nico.
Okay, so when you first entered, there
was that big robot that asked you for
something.
Oh, yes.
[Music]
There is someone up here. Not like in
this room specifically, but like in this
this area of the map.
Oh, the
plant person.
Yeah.
Plant ver.
Yeah. And then the other thing you will
need is the water which you already got.
Yes.
[Music]
Throw seed plant row.
Yeah, this part's kind
[Music]
Thank you.
I'm growing.
Literally,
you're growing.
I'm growing a plant, but also I'm
growing
[Music]
Run, Nico. Run like the cat.
Seven.
[Music]
Is that it?
Go eat pancakes.
[Music]
Tracy, break something now.
Um um
[Music]
good one.
Thank
But I can't eat here.
Oh yeah, that's
[Music]
I am the angry pumpkin.
The architect and the builder arrive on
the scene calmly with a sense of
purpose.
I don't know what the last thing he says
is.
He says um
um Oh, they are playing at their
residence. The head is soaring.
The head is soaring.
[Music]
Oh, that was a hunger sound.
be nice to Nico. Nico
[Music]
Oh, they're there.
Be nice, Nico.
Mhm.
[Music]
Okay.
So, now I assume I need to go to the big
the weird place.
[Music]
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. I hate golf.
[Music]
Where?
Is there somewhere else?
[Music]
the tower just on the surface. Yeah.
Okay. It is it the X?
Mhm.
Oh, wait. That's right. I remember now.
[Music]
Mhm.
Good one, Nico.
You always tell the best jokes.
[Music]
Hey.
What was it they said earlier?
[Music]
I don't remember what they said exactly.
Hello, Nico.
Where are you? Huh?
Hi.
[Music]
Nigo,
are you here? Nigo. Ow.
No, don't be mean.
Just like the Stanley par.
This is also just like delter.
Be nice to do.
Where am I going?
Little robot.
[Music]
There you go.
Okay.
I mean, no. Stop gaslighting.
[Music]
I've no
big cow. Oh,
[Music]
no.
This is so rude and so strange.
Yo,
I'm here. You [__]
[Music]
You can't tell what to do. I'm like
huge. I'm like growing. You don't even
know.
They
what? I messed up.
Hey, cow.
No,
I think you're just sleep forever.
You know that other little bit of fun
that the game likes to do.
Yeah,
I I think Wait, what?
You have to go to your documents folder
again. Oh.
Uh.
Whoa.
This is here now.
That's nice.
Okay, now launch the game again.
Oh,
Nico,
I'm glad you care about them so much.
Don't be mean like don't say that, sir.
Nico.
Hello Mo.
[Applause]
[Music]
You're being gas lit. You're being gas
lit.
It's me. I'm in your pocket.
[Music]
Hi.
Because the cow,
don't be mean.
Yes.
[Music]
What?
I'll put this on the other screen
for now.
[Music]
or maybe I shouldn't.
Where?
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Mhm.
[Music]
What direction does this already go in?
This way.
[Music]
ismmetric.
One shot's funny trick.
[Music]
This is so cool. Mhm.
I've seen games do like, you know, the
whole meta thing several times, but it's
interesting to have multiple windows
interacting with each other like this.
Yeah.
[Music]
Hello,
They go.
[Music]
I put this. Oh, is that gone? The other
window is gone now. Okay. Yeah, you're
done with it.
[Music]
That's like my kid.
Mhm.
[Music]
doesn't want to.
Yeah. Yes. You're being annoying.
Wait.
Stop being annoying.
I don't know, man.
Were
you not tamed?
Don't be like that.
[Music]
Where do I
hold
Don't worry about the scarlet lights in
the background. Okay,
now I'm worried.
There we go.
Now, Anthony, don't be annoying.
[Music]
You're so mean about this world.
You know what? [__] these [__] They
should have done it themselves.
[Music]
Uh-huh.
Okay.
[Music]
No, don't guilt trip me about this [__]
Everyone's so [__] lazy.
Do it yourself. No, don't guilt me.
I mean, like, I don't think they had a
way to get the sun without Nico.
Oh, the robots.
And also, they needed like you needed to
be able to help with the tower stuff.
Uh-uh.
Skill is.
Um,
that's my child.
Yeah. Two things. One of them's Well,
they're both kind of happy, but uh, so
the bit with George is that, uh, her
what face of the dice she gets is
randomized and her personality shifts to
based on which face you get. Um, so
she's like plural, I think.
Okay.
Uh,
number two is after this sequence, you
should open up the Black Clover program
again.
Okay.
Yeah, the world was dying anyway. They
literally said like, who the [__] was
sucking anyway, man. I don't care. I'll
get my kid home.
[Music]
Yeah, with with the information you're
given, I don't really think this is like
a there's a wrong and right choice.
Okay.
Now what?
Open the gear again.
Oh.
Oh,
it closed.
They'll fix it.
[Music]
Huh?
So, for everyone in chat going, if one
shot's so good, where's two shot? Uh,
here you go. Now, play it again.
Oh.
Now, is anything different if I play it
again or is it just to get a second?
Okay,
this is a whole new update. The solstice
update.
[Music]
These will be the same up until you talk
with silver, though
[Music]
also you have this.
When was this update?
It was back in 2017.
[Music]
S O L. Oh, solstice. Okay.
Daddy said when
they go out the screen is like zoomed
in.
Oh yeah. Supress.
Oh yeah. Wait. My bad.
I fixed it.
[Music]
Speedun.
They Ow.
[Music]
Yes, bro. The light bulb.
You love it.
[Music]
I know the way.
[Applause]
I know it's nuts, right?
Oh, this music.
I forgot.
[Music]
Yeah.
Hey,
[Music]
You know, Nico Ow.
Meow.
[Music]
Hey, go.
[Applause]
You go.
How do I make it remember?
Hey,
this is
[Music]
Will the code I have from before still
work?
Where's the four going on here?
[Music]
[__]
How quaint. How evil.
Let's
go. Let's go.
[Music]
Sorry.
Huh? Huh?
[Music]
There is a very small detail
in this room.
[Music]
[Laughter]
Heat.
[Music]
They can handle it.
I can just delete a save file. Isn't
that nice?
Hello.
[Music]
Oh, I remember this.
I Huh?
[Music]
Okay.
No dream.
No dream. Mo
[Music]
Sorry.
[Applause]
3471 150 Okay.
[Music]
Hey
Don't worry. Worry about it.
[Music]
113.
Need to remember
these.
[Music]
Okay.
Wait.
[Music]
Okay.
18.
is where robot
is power cell.
[Music]
113.
I don't know.
That could be power film.
Hi.
112 is
medical.
117.
[Music]
I don't know.
No idea about 117 110.
Hi.
110 is robot.
Don't know the other two.
See if I can go back to 113. Look at the
notes.
[Music]
Where is 113?
unknown.
[Music]
Well,
110 is a robot.
[Music]
112 is medical.
118 is robot.
119 is power cell.
[Music]
Okay.
Calm down.
Relax.
[Music]
Make out.
Let go.
[Music]
Oh, you are
I I don't know, man. You don't This is
This is complicated.
[Music]
[Laughter]
Okay. Hello.
[Music]
Yes way.
Yeah, bro.
Heat. Heat.
Ah,
[Music]
Show off.
My big strong wife's over.
Nico, get in the Minecraft cart. Chris,
get the banana.
[Music]
Why
snake turn off the game console.
[Music]
Go.
Oh, so small. Oh, so small in this big
wide world.
My baby.
Well, Nico, welcome to Green.
Daddy said finally.
[Music]
You can nap about it
and no dream.
[Music]
So, this isn't even like a second
playthrough. It's just a different part
of the game.
Yeah.
Just in similar locations.
Mhm.
And that's what
Okay.
A little bit more linear than before.
Yeah. Good job.
You're fine.
[Music]
Big cow.
Was
[Music]
there anything to do back here?
No. This part's fairly linear.
This isn't
I don't think so.
Oh, wait. I forgot this is Maz's area.
She might be there. I'm not entirely
sure.
Oh, yeah, she is.
[Music]
Clearly not.
Wait, this is okay. Got it.
[Music]
Okay.
Oh, so very kindness.
What are they? They're like birds.
They're Yeah,
[Music]
they're more like people who are dressed
like birds.
[Music]
Hello.
Ah,
[Music]
heat.
Magpie, help.
Ow.
[Music]
Dex.
It's Dex, bro.
Said hello.
Hello. Dex said I have bro.
[Music]
Where's the family going?
Well,
Sadness prevails.
But the bridges work.
So I got that going for me. Mhm.
[Music]
Should
I go still see the Oh, I need the Oh, I
have the battery. I just need the gears.
[Music]
I'm killing robots. Killing robots.
I'm taking their life force and I'm
killing them.
[Music]
Ah,
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
What a day.
Squares
[Music]
are bad news days, man. Be there. Be
square.
[Music]
Rans sacked by the squares.
But like how
[Music]
Huh?
I don't remember a thought.
[Music]
I mean operator like Ableton.
Taba City.
[Music]
They're so enamored.
They're captivated by the beauty of the
world.
[Music]
Yay. Fine.
Wow.
[Music]
Heat.
Let's do our best to do a good Um,
[Music]
my plant
Oh, I saw a little little Nico face.
[Music]
I skipped it, but I saw it very briefly.
Holy [__] Right.
[Music]
sweet dreams,
but then also
what?
Tracy's going to bed.
Oh, okay.
Good night, Tracy.
That was really scary.
[Music]
Good night. Good morning.
Good morning.
Morning.
[Music]
Pangina.
Hello.
Hi.
[Music]
Yeah.
Heat.
[Music]
She has died.
I'll be right back. Okay.
[Music]
Who took my stapler?
I was tall.
[Music]
This is the No.
I don't think that's what I was supposed
to do.
[Music]
Sorry, Nico.
I had to try.
[Music]
[__] [__]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
Also
notice George has the five face now and
a different
I noticed
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Okay.
[Music]
Everything is terrible.
What am I doing?
[Music]
That's back up.
I'm confused.
Do I go back to the tower?
So, like in the alley when you're in
like the back area, um you have to go
down right.
[Music]
I thought the area was blocked off.
Yeah, there's a staircase.
Oh,
Fox.
Hello.
The clock room.
[Music]
Not this one.
The clock room. Isn't that upstairs?
Yeah, there's the the upper left
elevator
by the tower base.
Should still be working.
Oh, I thought it wasn't.
[Music]
cuz the button wasn't working.
The top button wasn't.
[Music]
Oh no, I'm silly.
Ah.
[Music]
Oh. Yeah.
I was going the right place, I think.
Maybe. No, wait.
[Music]
I thought this room was blocked off by
squares.
I am so confused.
[Music]
Oh, this
Okay, just the other one was locked.
[Music]
Oh.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
out.
Hello, Rose.
[Music]
Throw my colors.
confused cat noises.
[Music]
Inquisitively.
Inquisitively, dear bro.
[Music]
Okay, I see.
Okay.
[Music]
Do I put all of these files in there?
Yeah.
Bye, R.
[Music]
I can make them rotate.
Oh,
[Music]
heat.
gaming
go.
Very good.
Four.
[Music]
Nico, it's TV time.
Bye-bye.
[Music]
Heat.
carousel.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
Take the sun. You take the moon and you
take the sun.
[Music]
What?
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Off you go now, [__]
[__]
Gwen
[Music]
says you're not dead.
I can't work when I'm dead.
[Music]
Don't worry about it.
Goodbye everyone. I'll remember you all
in therapy.
[Music]
George,
you're five.
[Music]
Okay,
it's going to do some stupid [__] if I
try and open it again.
[Music]
Yeah. Okay. Be that way.
So that was one shot.
[Music]
[Laughter]
actually. You're disappearing right now.
Hey, so that was really good.
Yeah. You know why I wanted you to play
it now?
Yeah.
You understand?
Well, everyone wanted me to play it, but
you know.
Yeah.
Yeah. That was really good.
It's a really important game to me.
Does Izzy play it?
Oh.
I need to see.
Did you do this?
9 9.6 hours. Yes, he definitely played
it.
But also 576 hours of Civ 5. So
normal.
Very normal.
Yeah, that was really that was really
good. That was like a
That was a way.
There's like so many like
there's there's so many like turning
pieces in this in this game that seem
very like subtle and uh what is the
word? They seem sort of uh Oh, I can
change my I can restore I can restore
the normal audio. Everyone, hold on for
a second.
Okay, audio should be normal now.
Um anyway, uh there are a lot of like
there are a lot of turning gears in this
whole game that either seem like
gimmicks or throwaways momentarily in
the moment. And then
uh there's like a lot of continuity that
that that comes up with everything. Like
I'm sure this was the intent, but like
every time Nico is like talking about
home, I'm like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah,
whatever, kid. Keep going."
And then and then like and then like by
the end I'm like, "Oh, I care about this
thing. That's like my kid.
That's like my baby.
That's my baby.
I didn't get to see what the plant did.
Uh, so if you had chosen to return the
sun, she would have you got would have
gotten an achievement that said that she
regrrew.
Well,
everyone in this game is a little [__]
So,
um,
that's fine cuz she's alive anyway cuz
you did the
Yeah. No. Yeah, definitely.
Um,
I feel like I feel like Toby must have
played this.
They're definitely probably aware of
each other because um both Night Margin,
the person who did the art and music for
this game, and Toby um have done work
for the new off soundtrack.
Oh, right. Okay. Yeah. It's just that
the meta narrative of like player
controlling the character,
you know, that's a whole thing in
Deltaroon,
though. It feels so much more personal
here than it does in Delta Run.
Yeah. Like Nico like uses your name to
talk to you.
Well, not just that, but everyone else
is aware of me, whereas in Delta, no
one's aware of me.
Yeah.
And in Delta and Well, Chris hates me.
I want to see if I can find the the
image.
Always tricky Tony. It's always tricky
Tony.
Yeah. Wow.
It's like
Uh it's this it's this I write about
this a lot in my own art but just uh a
beauty of transients
in that a lot of things lose value if
they are permanent
and like
that's such a that's such a big part of
this this game's narrative is the idea
that
no matter how important or good
something can be that you know time
plots on, people move on.
And not everything always lines up to be
so
uh permanent and like you can't operate
in life with the assumption that
everything's permanent.
But that were everything so you know
forever nothing would really be
important. I think
Mhm.
I think I think that aspect of the story
is obviously one of the
a very powerful part of of of OneShot.
Yeah,
I wrote about this in Carousel. I keep
writing about this in the comic series.
That's
and the fact that it emphasizes that you
always have the memory of the place.
Yeah. Yeah.
And also it it touches on the whole like
oh you could I you could play the whole
game again. That's obviously going to
just be like a recording quote unquote.
I'll find that interesting because
uh obviously with um
I think a lot of uh my enjoyment in
making a lot of the music I have the
last few years has been revisiting a lot
of old ideas. But it's always it's
always to develop on them rather than to
like live in them because
I learned my lesson with fairy tales cuz
fairy tales I was trying really hard to
redo a new Zo simulation new super pony
world and I failed miserably at it cuz
instead of like trying to grow from it I
was really trying to just make the same
thing again and you can't do that
artistically. You can't do that in life
as a lot of the time is like
when you when you move along in life and
like try and do the same thing, you just
can't cuz you're like not only is the
context for what you're trying to do
different, but like you are a different
person.
You just can't do the same thing again.
Not because you can't do stuff in
general, but because you're just a
different person.
Yeah. I think I think that temporal
aspect of that that final part of the
narrative too is is is very very
interesting.
It also like ruins you. Like that's not
fair, but it's like fine.
Yeah. It's like and like the world she
talk about being like you cannot see
Nico again. Nico's gone.
Yeah.
Nico's back in their world.
It's like blunt but like it's true and
honest and
it's a tr It's a truth cat ball. It's a
It's a truth yarn ball.
But Nico is not a cat.
Nico's a person.
Well, a person could be a cat.
Yeah, Nico doesn't know that yet.
They'll figure it out.
Okay. I think Nico's a cat.
Yeah,
I think Nico is probably a cat.
Uh,
I'm sure people like this game.
Oh yeah, it's beloved.
I've been I like was very fortunate to
literally not have any spoilers for this
game for the past eight years.
Yeah, it's one of those games that's
like super beloved by people, but also
like it's in the shadow of like
Undertale.
like for better or for worse like that's
the better known one and like
if I feel how do I put this? It's like
this game Undertale and Off are like the
the holy trinity of games where the
player is diagetic.
Mhm.
Specifically like pixel or pixel games
where the player is diagetic. But
it's it's just like
It feels like it's hard to spoil because
anything that's potentially a spoiler is
like so hard to explain.
Yeah.
So, that makes a lot of sense.
Phil kept in the chat being like, "If
one shot's so good, why is there no two
shot?" And it took me I was just like
keeping my mouth shut until you got to
that part. I was like,
"Luckily, I wasn't reading chat too much
for the game."
Yeah.
But yeah, this is like basically a
completely blind playthrough.
Yeah. Cuz if you like know that there's
you redo it when you're making the
decision at the end of the first round,
it kind of spoils the effect of it.
I didn't care about the choice. I was
just like, Nico, go home.
Like this world is crazy and all, but
like [__] that.
I don't know. I was like
I don't know.
I didn't give a [__]
We should make three shot now.
Network is making a new game called
Margin of the Strange. That looks kind
of good.
Is that this one?
Oh, yeah.
This is
Yeah.
Looks very.
Yeah. Well, same art art direction.
Yeah.
But there looks like there's a health
bar.
Yeah.
So fighting farming is him.
Yeah. It's looking to be very
interesting and like bigger in scope
than one shot, which again kind of goes
with the themes of like what you were
saying, not staying in one idea forever.
Yeah. I think farming sim means they're
going to pull like a a Joker's trick on
me though.
Oh, for sure. like
they're trolling me with these tags
right now.
World's first farming sim to make you so
uncontrollably.
Well, no. I mean, like Stardy Valley did
that, but mainly because of the time
limits.
Everyone's like, "Oh, play this cozy
game." Also, everything falls apart if
you don't do everything in two minutes.
Yeah, the energy system.
It's It's really kind. It's really kind.
Anyway, I get to see Nico every day cuz
I have the plushy. So,
what is World Machine Edition?
Uh, that's uh just the newest one that
came out like more recently. It's just
like an aesthetic update, I'm pretty
sure.
Oh.
Yeah, cuz it has support for like Steam
Deck and stuff, Switch.
Oh, and also looks like it's
it makes it so that all the windows are
separate inside of a thing instead.
Uh that would make sense cuz if it's on
like a switch or something, you can't
have like
Yeah,
that makes sense. They probably had to
like redo the code for the entire game
to do that.
Yeah, for sure. So that's like kind
um
damn. No, that was really good.
When did it when the demo was there a
demo?
I think if I remember correctly, let me
look it this up so I'm not just saying
[__]
No, like I'm looking at the [__]
screenshots of this game and there's
like nothing. You can't you physically
can't get spoiled from the screenshots.
like it doesn't say anything.
That makes sense. It makes sense.
So, original release of the game was
uh 2014 as a a freeware game. Um just
released online through like the RPG
Maker website. Um
uh it didn't have Solstice route
obviously. Um, there were other
2014.
Okay.
And there were like other some smaller
gameplay differences and stuff. Um, and
then 2016 the remake was released on
Steam. Um,
and they did a like a sprayed update and
everything with this with that. And then
the social update was 2017, I think I
said.
I don't know when I don't I don't
remember when I when I was given one
shot or if I bought it or what what it
was. Hold on.
Oh my god.
You want to know how [__] up this is?
Bri gifted me
one shot. You know how long ago?
Hell.
Six years ago.
So 2019.
Yeah. Bri Bri Bri will be watching this
vod. Holy [__]
Yeah. Bri will be watching.
I know loves one shot. Bri will be
watching this mod. Bri, to use
personally specifically, I'm sorry it
took me six years to play this game,
especially when you gifted it to me. Um,
it's really good. I'll say this to you
in DMs. We'll probably have a long ass
conversation about it in DMs. Um, but
like, yeah, I'm sorry it took me six
years.
Yeah, I discovered OneShot because I
followed this artist who did speed
paints for Undertale and then suddenly
they did one for Oneshot and they were
like, "Go play this game." And I was
like, "This is a really cute character."
Cuz it was Nico. Um, and I looked it up
and I played it and that was back in
like 2016 when it did the original Steam
release
or I saw the Ste in 2016. I bought it
and then I got around to playing it in
2017 with this hill solstice update.
Well, damn. Okay.
Well,
oh my god, it's an Italian and Russian,
too.
H
what it mean?
Okay. Oh, the Oh,
more Oh, wait. One's like
I don't know what
Okay.
Be so kind.
Um,
wow. That was like a good, you know,
genuinely when I started when I started
this game, I felt like kind of annoyed.
I was like, "Oh, this this place is like
weird. Oh, this character is so like
stupid child.
Oh, these characters are so like being
very like nonchalant about a child in
the mines, you know, type [__] Like
all this [__] all this [__]
And then um
and then by the end I was like, [__]
The only was I'm a little confused. Like
Rue
Ru Ru just came out of nowhere. Yes.
I feel like it would have been fun for
Rue to have some like the huntress is
watching type [__] in the previous parts
of the game, but I know there was like
this is like DLC.
It like wasn't necessarily planned this
way, was it?
I don't think it was. Yeah,
cuz to me what I what I imagine was
obviously the base game ended where the
first ending happened and I felt like
they probably got a lot of people being
very just like something else should
have happened until they did that.
Yeah, apparently and looking on the wiki
when playing the Steam release of one
shot a week before the solstice update
the clock rooms countdown timer reaches
zero allowing Nico to see a vision of
Root when they tap on the locked door.
Neither Nico nor the player understand
what the vision means.
Oh,
but again, that's like that was like the
week before the release of the Solstice
update.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, yeah. You did see the flash of her.
Did I?
Yeah, I remember you going, "What was
that?"
You know, the game does a lot of things
like out of nowhere that I keep
forgetting.
Daddy said, "I remember."
What? What did it say?
I remember.
Oh, I remember.
Yeah.
Yeah. It would have been cool if you
could like find like the the tree room
prior to
Delter.
I just Oh,
I wonder. Coincidence.
Coincidence.
City
D floory emotional.
I mixed the words around but it's
normal.
Fluffy city.
What happened?
Fluffy. We just finished one shot.
How'd you like it?
You know I finished I basically finished
the game and I hadn't cried the entire
time. So I was like, "Okay, I did it."
And then like the final like 10 seconds
of the game, I just started crying.
Yeah,
you [__] stupid ass game.
I thought I was like home free and then
it like did the whole like sun thing.
It's like whatever, man.
Whatever.
Yeah.
Again, my progression and I mean this
isn't an exaggeration. This is like
genuinely how I felt. Game started a
couple of days ago. It's just like, "Oh,
this stupid [__] kid." Oh, you idiot.
Oh, you stupid runs. Get in the mines.
And then by the end of the game, it was
like that's my actual in real life
child.
That's my baby. Yeah.
Yeah.
The end uh you missed it, but the ending
I did was um in the first playthrough
was I I made Nico break the thing. I was
like, "Fuck everyone in the world. You
can just go home."
That's what I That's what I did for
All these people are so [__] lazy.
They can't do this [__] themselves. I
could do this [__] myself.
You You guys don't even know how to like
use a computer. That's like not Nico's
fault. Nico, you you're out. You're
fine.
Yeah.
One Shot is a It's a beautiful game. I
love it a lot.
Yeah.
I'm I'm happy I'm happy you got to play
it.
Yeah. One Shot was another one of Aether
Drop's major inspirations. It's like
[__] up and evil OneShot.
Mhm.
Watch out if Nico was a suicidal
14-year-old instead.
Don't say that about my Nico.
That's my cat.
They're not
even their names. Milo, Nico.
Daddy said Gow.
Interesting. Interesting. I didn't I
made that connection, but I didn't know
anything about the game. Yeah, that's
like half the reason I chose that name.
The other half is cuz I have a a fake
Halloween cat skeleton in my room that I
named Milo.
Oh, that's nice.
I got that before I made Milo. So
that's like kindness.
You love fourletter names.
Oh yeah. Abby. True.
It could have been with two Z's too.
It could have been with two Z's, too.
It could have been with two Z's and a Y,
too. But I I specifically strayed away
from the Undertale abbreviation of AS.
Every day we stay further from God's
Light.
It could have been like eight eyes.
The way I I do it is I tell people you
can spell it with as many Z's as you
want and it's not incorrect.
That's like kind.
Yeah,
man. I love experience. We're We're
experiencing art
as friends. This is like This is what
it's all about. I think it's
all about the game. It's all about the
game.
It's like literally all about the game.
I like I
so a lot of the like meta mechanics were
just like interesting the first time
around, but when we got to some of the
the maze stuff and then we did the like
the moving the portal files, I was like,
"Okay, that's like a little bit extra
clever than usual."
Yeah.
Um and watch and moving the files from
the documents folder and watching them
all disappear in real time in the game
is like, "Huh?"
Yeah, that's that's clever.
It's there's there's a lot of games that
uh
uh I I think I think I'm scared was like
the the blueprint for a lot of indie
games that have you mess with like
computer files, stuff like that.
Yeah. But one shot's like kind and I
scared I'm scared it's like scary.
Yeah. Well, I'm scared is like horror.
Um and there's like Undertale has
elements where it's like meta, there's
like doky doi, there's stuff there's
other games that do stuff like that. Um,
I think oneshot is one of my favorite
examples of how it does it because
one shot feels the most interactive
about it, you know?
Yeah.
You could see real time changes and it's
like
it feels the most
clearly the game was like built around
that as
it feels the most like magical.
Yeah.
Which is really fun.
Not only that, but it was like the first
time I had seen that you you need to
have two programs open
to do something like that. That was
cool. Like the whole the whole maze
situation with overlaying the uh the
images the the note pages.
By the way, every time you enter a door,
the pages change.
Yeah. Like that was that was really
neat.
Everyone's like Outer Wilds. Yeah. Yeah,
I know. Ricky is never going to forgive
me for taking this long to do Outer Wild
either.
I'm not either.
Wait, do you know have you played Outer
Wilds?
I have seen a full playthrough of it.
it. At the time when I got into it, I
didn't have my big computer, so I didn't
have the the ability to like run it. So,
I've seen a full I've seen full
playthroughs.
I see.
It's really good. Uh it's another you
cry at the end type game,
man. It from the screenshots I've seen
of it doesn't even look like it would be
like that.
Stately,
at least with one shot before the end,
I look at this art, I'm like, yeah, I
mean, I could understand how this game
would make me emotional. I was seeing
like the Outer Wilds screenshots, but
this just looks like a a game
snot
in Outer Wilds, though.
Okay. I find it I find it remarkable how
um
I think I think it's hard for someone
like if you haven't played Undertale in
2025,
I feel like it's pretty hard to go in
blind.
Yeah. like even if you don't engage with
any content, it's just such a cultural
like icon and so much is just known
about it that you're going to know some
things going in. In contrast, um I think
it's kind of insane how much I was able
to see about the character Nico oneshot
and still have literally no idea what
the actual game is of this character.
Fluffy, you you missed what I was
talking about this, but I went to check
and cuz the person who wanted me to play
this was Bria. Bria kitten
and I checked my email and she gifted me
this game 6 years ago.
She has been waiting six years for me to
play this [__] game. And in that
time, I have not seen a single spoiler
of this game at all.
But you've seen this. You've seen Nico
already. Of course I've seen Nico,
but just like the image of them, which
is really funny.
Yeah,
but like that's it. Like it feels so
hard to spoil this game because of like
how meta and how deep it is.
Yeah. If I I I do not want to talk down
about this game at all, but I will say
that it felt like there were a couple of
moment there were a lot of parts where
characters were sort of introduced
abruptly or
um a lot of things that felt like they
should have had more depth or
exploration or like secrets, they just
didn't.
Um fair does not detract from this game
at all. I feel like I feel like the
simplicity of it is to its advantage
when it's so meta and I still felt a lot
despite all of this. So, it's like
obviously it wasn't necessarily a
downside, but I felt like, you know,
um
I wanted more, which is like a good
thing cuz I mean there's like a good
thing here. So, like that's not that's
not a bad thing. It's it's it's a game
that makes you sad that you don't get as
much of the world and characters as
you're allowed to.
Yeah.
And I think that's definitely
intentional.
The fact that after you save it with the
sun, you don't even get to walk around
in the sunlit world.
Yeah.
Like
Well, that's kind of an there's kind of
like an Undertale component to that one.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, yeah. Also, uh, shout out
I Night Margin I think is also the the
dev and the artist, but Night Margin
also did the soundtrack for Oneshot and
soundtrack. I really like the
soundtrack. It's really nice.
Yeah,
it's really like mystical and
I fall asleep sometimes.
Yeah, it's like relaxing. It's like a
little ominous, but in a way that feels
So, there's there's like a um there's
this there's a there's a thing where uh
when I was playing through Disco
Allesium, I didn't really get emotional
at the game very much. Um and then uh I
decided to start another playthrough
after I finished it on stream. I haven't
picked it up since I first started my
second playthrough, but I remember
walking outside of the uh of the of the
cafe and hearing the horn the horns the
song that plays in that part of uh part
of the game. And
I barely noticed it the first time. Like
it was sort of just background noise in
the first playthrough.
And
it was one of those things that just
felt like I was a part of the world.
Like it wasn't even a part of the
soundtrack. And then when when I in my
second playthrough when I started
hearing that part of the soundtrack, I
started crying.
I was like, "Oh my god, this is like
this isn't like intrinsic to the world.
This is like a thing."
And with with one shot, there aren't any
like songs that happen that like stand
out to me right now.
Yeah. But I feel like if I play through
the play through the game again in like
you know couple of months from now or a
year from now or whatever I'll hear
those songs like it'll probably hit in a
way that didn't hit you know first time
around
cuz again at least I noticed the music
quite a lot with one shot. I didn't with
Disco Allesium and yet I heard those
[__] horns.
Yeah.
In Disco I was like I was like
and Pat now that you've played it
[__] it [__] me up. They [__] me up.
Fun fact, uh, Disco Allesium
on on on rate your music, if you look at
the top rated soundtracks of all media,
like movies, films, games, it is number
12 soundtrack ever. Disco.
What are the top soundtrack? I need to
like end stream soon, but like I'm
curious.
I'll I'll just I'll here I can just link
it. I have it pulled up.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Oh, well. Yeah. Silent 2. Silent Hill 2.
Silent Hill 2 is like very fair. My
Silent Hill 2 specifically. Can we get
like a
get this?
Specifically, this song ruins my life.
Oh, this. Oh, [__] yeah.
This is a really really it's good. It's
so good.
I mean, yeah, it's one of the best ever.
I don't know exactly know how to
pronounce this this the surname. So,
Akira Yamayoka, maybe
Yamoka, I think,
has definitely been an inspiration to my
work for a while. If you listen to if
you honestly if you listen to Comic
Catcher and the Reek Fish, you might
hear it a little bit.
Just a little bit. Just a little bit.
I think any I think that any uh list of
best video game soundtracks should
include Silent Hill 2 without question.
Yeah.
Um
these are not just video games, so
that's fine.
No, it's it's soundtracks like TV,
movies, all soundtracks.
Minecraft the soundtrack very good.
Yeah, of course.
Purple R is just a normal album to me,
but it's like fine.
He made the album to make the place like
Yeah. Yeah.
He made the movie to make the album.
Still haven't watched Twin Peaks, so I
will at some point.
I need to too.
Expedition 33. People really like this,
huh?
Delta chapters 3 and four, by the way.
Yeah. Oh, wow. True. Okay.
Higher than Undertale, which I'm
assuming is because it's very recent.
That'll get knocked down when you have
more ratings, but
definitely. But
to me,
I if you in Undertale, if you remove
like a few a few of the songs, this
probably sounds like a stupid argument,
but if you remove like three or four
songs from the Undertale soundtrack,
then Delta in Chapter 2 is like the best
soundtrack from Toby Fox. I think
I also don't know why I gave it a 3.5,
but it's like fine. Um,
I don't think I think when I'm rating
anything, that's why I don't rate
anything anymore.
Uh, what songs would you remove from
Undertale soundtrack? Well, in order to
knock Undertale down a peg to compete
with Delta in chapter 2, you basically
have to remove uh
you basically have to remove um Hopes
and Dreams and uh and um Dummy
and Death by Glamour
and Death by Glamour.
I feel like also the titles like
Undertale.
Um,
no.
Uh, I I think Okay, I'm going to say a
thing. And obviously I'm one of the
biggest Undertale Delta fans in the
entire universe. I think the Undertale
title track is really great in the game,
but as a standalone, it's just like
fine.
As like a song itself, it's just like
fine. in in the context of the game.
It's like it it's insane. It's a lot.
It's a lot of baggage. I think just as a
song by itself, I'm just like it's just
fine. It's just like Okay,
I respect your opinion. I very much
disagree, but that's okay.
That's a You know what? I I can't ever
argue with someone loving Undertale.
That's not something I can argue with.
So, that's like fine.
I think that song makes me cry harder
than any song on the soundtrack. I think
but I think it like really needs the
context of the game to do with that.
Well, that's it's the it's the disco
allesium thing where it's like I can't
happen in the game what I hear.
But to me, Death by Glamour remove that
from the context of the game and holy
[__] it still has the score for me, you
know?
Oh, yeah. I mean, yeah,
it Undertale doesn't have that for me.
That's what that's what I'm saying. It's
still it's still incredible in the
context of the game
to me.
Mhm.
Um,
the best Toby Fox song is Attack of the
Killer Queen, and that's because Lena
Rain is on it. Uh, hope this helps.
Mhm.
Oh, I don't [__] care about Pink
Floyd.
Who the [__] Shut up.
Who [__] cares?
Charlie Brown Christmas is fire. I love
this.
No, no, this is No, this Vince Growley
has been a big inspiration to me. Near
Automata. Absolutely.
Great soundtrack. Sure. Yeah. Um, I've
never watched this movie.
Superfly.
Yes. Sure.
What do you mean sure?
No, I mean
Mario Galaxy. Oh, look. Look, look who's
at the bottom there. Look who's number
22, by the way.
I don't know anything.
Smiley so neatly.
I don't know why Mario Galaxy does
belong there.
Oh,
never watch Cowboy BBOP. Uh, Katari.
Catamari. Katari. kind of worry. Uh,
Twin Peaks. I also don't know what that
is.
More near LA,
which is a yes. I've not played
Signalis.
I have not played Persona 5. I am very
impartial to Atlas, but it is a good
soundtrack.
My only with it is that it makes people
uh call acid jazz Persona music.
Yeah, that is a problem. Yeah, Persona
Persona 5 is really good and unfortunate
with how it's been perceived by a lot of
people.
It's like jazz for people that don't
want to listen to jazz by black people.
Well, the anime fans,
this is this is often the case.
Um, Final Fantasy 7 soundtrack. Yes, I'm
going to say it. I'm going to say it.
Majora's Mask is like on the bottom half
of my favorite Zelda games.
Sorry everyone
games.
That's that's valid. I mean the whole
the game is
obviously the soundtrack is untouchable
cuz it's like it's it's [__] Majora's
Mask and Ocarina of Time, you know, in
tandem with each other. Um but Ocarina
of Time, Majora's Mask, I'm really sorry
everyone. These are like in the lower
end of like Zelda games for me.
The soundtracks are like fine, but I
just like don't care very much about the
games. I I care a lot about the story
and the themes to Majora's Mask. I don't
really like
Oh, totally. No, like thematically,
these games are beautiful. I just The
game play itself is kind of benign to
me.
I get that. Yeah,
that's that that can happen a lot with
Zelda games is the story will be so
beautiful. Um the music will be so
incredible, the atmosphere will be so
[__] good, and then the gameplay is
like a little bit of a chore. That's
kind of the inverse with Breath of the
Wild for me where I feel like I didn't
care that much about the actual like
cutscenes.
I feel like I got enough emotion derived
from the implied story just from the
environment.
Yeah.
Like that for sure.
So when I actually saw the people like
talking, I was like, h
yeah. Breath of the Wild and Curse of
the Kingdom suffer from from being openw
world games in the sense that like their
stories were not optimized to open world
game
for sure. And and also I love both
Breath of the Wild and Tears of the
Kingdom, but I will say that
they've uh Breath of the Wild sort of
got obliterated by The Passage of Time a
little bit in that Elder Ring happened
and I played Elder Ring and then I went
back to the Breath of the Wild. I was
like, Breath of the Wild is really
empty.
Yeah, there's that. And then also
playing Tears of the Kingdom, I can't
play Breath of the Wild anymore cuz it's
just better Breath of the Wild.
Yeah. And and Tears of the Kingdom still
suffers the same way Breath of the Wild
does, but it does have more stuff.
Um Elden Ring is maybe the only open
world game I've played where literally
no matter where you go or what you do,
there's always something. With Breath of
the Wild, it's like you can explore, but
the environments aren't extremely
detailed for you to be like, "Oh, wow.
This is like looks incredible. It's like
just like, you know, it's it's it's a
very simplified art style. And so what
you get out of exploring is is like a
core scene and it's like thanks I
suppose.
Yeah.
I still love those games, you know, and
I will I will play them again. And Tears
of the Kingdom does kind of sweep Breath
of the Wild. I have no [__] nostalgia
to speak of for that. So, it's like, and
also Tears of the Kingdom has that one
subplot, which I'm not going to spoil
for people, but it has that one subplot,
which ruined my life forever in the best
way possible.
Yeah,
it also has um I'm sorry, it has the
best Ganondorf design. Like, I'm sorry.
This is true. He's really hot.
That's That's what I'm saying.
I
I remember I All I had to do was see his
design. I was like, I will play this
game a lot.
Okay,
I will play this game just to look at
him.
Curse of the Kingdom has those [__]
hands that scare the [__] out of me
every [__] time.
True.
Yeah, they made the game like scary.
First time that happens, I was like I
just like had a heart attack. I was
going to save. I was like, "What's
happening? What is happening? What is
happening?"
But also, uh, the second best Ganondorf
design is actually not the one that's in
like it's not the ocarina type. It's
like, "Oh, that's the No, it's Wind
Waker. That's the second best one. Don't
care. He's beautiful fat." They like
how did they how did they
this is the best part.
How did they do this to him?
How did they let him How did they let
him look like this? Like
Okay.
This doesn't this causes emotions that I
shouldn't be having at 7 in the morning.
Sorry. Can you Can you pull up the Can
you pull up the Wind Waker one?
Yes.
I also and see Wind Waker is my favorite
Zelda game.
And they did make him beautiful fat.
Oh, he's so beautiful. I love him.
Like, I'm sorry, but these sword designs
are nuts to me.
I love I love him in this game. He's so
like poetic and that he like sword
battles you in this game. He's so funny.
I coveted that wind. I suppose
I suppose I I I love the dialogue in
Wind Waker.
Like having beef with a child.
Yeah, literally.
Yeah.
Like at least in like of the kingdom, he
like an adult at that point.
Yeah. But
the art for Winder the art for Wind
Waker is so good. Now, if we want to
talk about my top soundtracks on this
list,
this is a good three three soundtrack
run here.
To me, Chrono Trigger should be
Oh, Undertale should be number one.
Chrono Trigger should be right below it.
To me, Chrono Trigger is adventure
in sound. It is like if there's anything
on this planet that makes you feel like
you're going to have an the adventure of
a lifetime, nothing beats Chrono Trigger
for that.
Chrono Trigger is just it is it is the
adventure. It is like the adventure
soundtrack. If if I don't get
transported to like
f a [__] steampunk wonderland and I
don't hear the chrono trigger music, I
just say just take me back to Portland,
Oregon 2025. I don't care.
Yeah. Yeah.
Um
what if you got transported to a stink
foam and it was just electric thing.
You you I'll be like give it you know a
post artist here. Take me back.
Actually, no. I'll I'll I'll walk you
through it. I'll go with you.
Yay.
But it'll be for you. Not for me.
Um, Mother Too, this should be the
soundtrack that plays when you do a
drug.
Yeah.
In like in the most beautiful way
possible.
Next time I I take an edible, put on the
Mother Tube soundtrack just for you.
Mother Mother to Earthbound, as we we
call it here in in Crackerville,
um is
is is
maybe the first time in like I think
Nintendo's history where, you know,
Nintendo's had a lot of great
soundtracks, but I think this is like
the first time in in like Nintendo
history where uh a composer decided to
actually do something weird for once,
you know? And those would continue into
like the Wii era and the Gamecube era of
games, they would start to go with sicko
mode on those too.
But before those games,
huh?
Can you play like literally the Can you
like literally play the first second of
this this video? It's the full
soundtrack. Just the first second how
the soundtrack starts.
Is it Belch?
Please tell me it's Belch. Please tell
me it's Master Belch. There. There it
is.
Awesome.
There it is. There it is. It just starts
with Master Belch.
It's really good.
This is an amazing soundtrack.
That
and Donkey Kong Country 2. I mean,
oh,
it's it's
Yes.
Donkey Kong Country 2 is also like the
adventure soundtrack, but a lot less
high fantasy
and it it really transports you into
like the environments, the nature of the
Donkey Kong Country universe. Um,
what's funny,
Symphony is still like one of the most
beautiful songs I've ever heard.
Yeah, most definitely. Um, the thing is
this is about more about the game more
than the soundtrack, but Donkey Kong
Country, I don't really care for a lot
of the Donkey Kong games as a whole, but
for Donkey Kong Country 1 and 2, I
really do love those games a lot.
Mhm. those those feel a lot more
interesting to me than like when Donkey
Kong did the Switch to 3D.
Um whereas Mario's Switch to 3D I think
was insanely elegant as a comparison.
Oh well, Donkey Kong 64 is like a
[__] mess of a game. It's like kind
of awesome, but like it there's like too
much happening. Um, and also, uh, I
don't want to ruin everyone's life or
anything, but even though I just said
that Mario's switch to 3D was elegant
and great, um, Mario 64 has also been
obliterated by The Passage of Time, it
is actually really clunky and really
sludgy. And Mario Odyssey/ Mario Galaxy
are much better 3D Marios. I'm sorry,
everyone.
I think you've mentioned this before,
and this is a take that I kind of
disagree with. I don't disagree that
it's clunky. The camera is like so bad
in Mario 64. Um,
that's more
there's a lot of like stupid [__] that's
like not fun to do and like a lot of
waiting around and they were still
figuring out a lot of the kinks. I think
because of that, Mario 64 sits in this
really interesting spot as a 3D
platformer because the fact that it is
still so fun to just move around and
platform despite all of the stupid
[__] is kind of amazing.
It's an amazing game. It's there have no
way of saying it's bad.
Like, yeah, I get it. But like what I'm
saying is like there's a reason that's
the most speedrun game ever as opposed
to Odyssey. Well, it yes, it does have a
lot more freedom than Odyssey. Odyssey
is very linear.
It feels like you can play that game in
8 trillion different ways.
Totally.
And I think it I think Yeah,
the [__] comment Sonic Adventure has
aged immaculately, though.
I know that's a joke.
Is that a rough transition into 3D?
I know that's a joke, but I kind of want
to believe it isn't.
tribute to Jack Johnson by Miles Davis.
That's the soundtrack. I mean, it's like
Miles Davis, so it kind of just wins
and more Persona
Clan ad. Someone get silver in here.
This one, this one's for silver.
That's more Outer Wilds.
More Outer Wilds. Uh, this I don't know
what that is at all.
That's like something.
That's like anime.
What the [__] is artcore?
Oh, well, I know what artore is. That's
like Artcore is kind of like a
combination between trans trans and and
D&B sort of. It's like it's like really
fastpaced like electrotrans. It's it's a
little difficult to explain, but I know
what it is.
There's a lot of like really insane
piano arpeggiations in art.
Actually, [__] uh
Porter Robinson's virtual self is a
little bit hardcore. If it's not
hardcore, it's it's like adjacent.
Sound hill 3. Yeah, Hades Town is fire,
by the way. Really, really, really cool.
Uh I remember when I was going into
listening to Hades Town, I haven't seen
the Broadway play, but I should or the
musical. Um, I should go see Hades Town
as a musical sometime. But the
soundtrack, you know, you've heard so
many different articulations of like
Greek mythology and [__]
And what I was not expecting going into
Hades Town was for it to sound this
interesting. Just look at the tags for
this. This is this is Greek mythology.
Yeah. But then you see then you see
Americana vocal jazz Louisiana music
band blues.
Yeah. I was and and these are not jokes
for the tag. It's not just like
symphonic with a combination of that.
It's not just like this with a side of
that. It is full on like Americana music
and it is really good.
Uh shout out Racer. I used to play you
on the uh
I used to play the original Ridger Racer
on the NES, but
uh
can I be honest?
Huh?
Can I be honest?
Yeah,
I will say I have not played any of the
Elder Scrolls games. I don't really care
about the Elder Scrolls soundtrack from
what I've heard.
It's It's just like It's just like
orchestral music.
like it's cool, but uh
I there's nothing the only thing that I
care about is the
what is it the um Elder Scrolls
just Oblivion like
that [__] song. That's it.
Lots of [__] Persona Final Fantasy 6.
Thank you. I was like waiting to see
I was waiting to see Diamond Pearl
Platinum.
I will say
my favorite is still um
Black and White 2.
Yeah. Oh. Oh, Black Back and White 2
specifically.
Specifically because that has Iris's
battle theme and that's like my favorite
song.
Yeah. Gen Gen Gen 5 and Gen 4 can kind
of like fight each other for best
soundtrack and they'll probably be right
either way.
Those are those are both incredible
soundtracks. I also think
feels basically like just a sequel to
Gen 4 more than any other gen has ever
felt to another gen. I think
for sure
Kingdom Hearts 2. I still need to play
Kingdom Hearts. Uh don't care about
Bladerunner the movie, but Bladeunner
the soundtrack. Vanalis is my goat of
history.
This movie is a [__] mess and there's
a lot of cool parts, but like good lord,
it is not worth to sit through the whole
thing.
I'm sorry film buffs. Like Bladeunner is
like really boring.
I don't agree. I actually don't agree
with that. I think it's like too much
happening.
It's too It's too much happening and too
little that I care about.
I think there's like parts of it where
I'm like, "Aesthetically, this is
amazing. I love seeing what this
inspired for sci-fi. There's a lot of
characters I think are really cool." And
then Harrison Ford is on screen. I'm
like, "What are you doing? What are you
do? Stop. Stop." My favorite personal
trope is that I've seen so many classic
movies and I give a [__] about maybe
like 30% of the ones that I've seen.
Yeah.
I think I think the one stereotypical
movie that I really like is probably The
Shining.
Yeah, that's fair.
I like [__] Mr. Bean, dude.
I thought you were going to say Mr.
Beast. I got really scared. No, I would
never say that except maybe if it were
like 2016 if he even existed.
Mr. Beast
Mr. Beast Holiday.
Here's something a lot of other people
don't want to hear. Uh, Princess Monoke
is the best Studio Giveway soundtrack by
a long shot and a lot of people are not
going to want to hear that because a lot
of people haven't watched Princess
Monoke because they've decided that they
only want to watch Spirited Away
instead.
Mhm.
News flash everyone. Spirited Away is
not the best Studio Giblly movie. It's
an It's every almost every Studio Gibli
movie is one of the best movies of all
time, but Spirited Away is not the best
Studio Giblly movie, and you all need to
like fix fix your perception.
Yeah, Ponyo is
You know what? I accept that take.
Yeah,
mainly because of the I can't say the
word. I'll get flagged on YouTube.
Yeah, I know. I know.
There's like a whole like flaggy waggy
situation going on with the like with
Pao's parents and and [__] So like
it's true. It's very true.
You know,
Pony was also like top 10 funniest
character designs of all time.
Literally just like doing [__] for the
love of the game.
My idiot chicken fish baby.
Yay. Black and white. Sonic ZD.
Okay. By the way, saying your favorite
Miyazaki work is like really, really,
really wildly based of you. I don't
agree with you on a personal level, but
like you're like better than most people
for saying that.
That's all I can say. Um,
whatever.
Yes, Street Fighter. Street Fighter's
always always been
Street Fighter 3. The break beat. Yeah.
Famous.
You know what?
I'll take it. Kamari again. Hollow
Night.
Yes.
Haven't played Amorei. I don't think I
ever will.
I don't
What is this?
I'm going to refrain.
I don't know what this is.
That's something.
That's something not English.
Someone in chat tell me what this is.
I'm interested. That film is horrid. Oh,
okay.
That film is horrid. Oh, wonderful.
DJ James.
True.
Okay. Oh well spirited away
to awesome really good
galaxy.
Oh man.
Oh man, look at that art, too.
It's It's
I wish I could reasonably expect to
engage with Berserk without getting
horribly triggered.
I Yeah. No, that's like number one. Like
I don't I don't know if Yeah, there's
always going to be something in Berserk.
I think that'll do that.
I'm probably like never going to watch
or read Berserk, but I for you, Fluffy.
Yay. Yay. Yay. Yay.
I don't care about Lord of the Rings.
Bloodborne.
Bloodborne. Bloodborne. Christian
lurggical music. Yeah, I mean that makes
sense.
Wait, what? Can you look at the tags for
Pizza Tower?
Funky House Jazz Funk Heavy Metal is
really kind.
Chrono Cross. I don't think I've
actually played Chrono Chronocross
despite.
True.
Oh, njave. Yes. Yes.
Also, Death Note. I have not watched
Death Note. There's Oblivion.
Oh, how fascinating.
Of course.
Ultra Co.
Yeah,
I like Liquid Van Beethoven/ Heaven. You
know what? I'm surprised to see Hideki
this low on the list. I know it's still
top 100, but like holy [__]
Yeah, this honestly just should be
higher.
That's
And Sonic Rush is here, too.
Hi, Sonic Rush. Hi.
If you haven't heard this music, shame
on you.
Love
shame on you if you've not at least
heard the Jedi Radio Future soundtrack
in some degree.
Really? Hard Gold to Soul Silver.
Fascinating.
Sonic R. Sonic R. Sonic R. Guilty. Can
you feel the sunshine?
Huh? Sonic.
I said, "Can you feel the sunshine?"
Yeah, I I certainly can.
Halo three.
Solar is the best Euro dance album.
Sorry.
It probably is. So,
there she is.
Yay. Oh,
is so true.
That's This album changed my life. Yay.
I'm also surprised to see this as low as
it is, believe it or not.
Yeah.
I mean, Koji Condo is
the goat.
I don't know what this is.
Lily,
this should this should like
I should know what this is, but I don't.
Oh, I'm scared.
Who? Who? Who?
Bosanova. Hello. Oh, Shadow of the
Colossus.
Oh, Shadow. Okay, this is like this is
like the orchestral cinematic [__] that
I give a [__] about. I don't give a [__]
about
Yeah, this is this is when it's done
correctly, I think.
Um,
post minimalism, by the way.
Not the same not the same music studio,
but the same game studio. Can we Can we
What comedy?
Okay. Okay. Um, can we get can we get
Eco OST rate your music, please? Thank
you. What the [__] was that? Um,
yeah.
Yeah.
Celtic New Age
Celtic. Um, but
Celtic, sorry.
EQ game cover.
I I could probably write a very very
long essay about this game, but I could
also probably write a very very long
essay about its its game cover as well,
just by itself, cuz like
probably top 10 video game covers of all
time if I
also probably one of the top 10 worst
with the alternate one.
Well,
can we pretend this doesn't exist? This
is the one we got. This is the one that
I had in my [__] house.
Okay,
this is the the American one.
This is this is the this is the one like
I didn't get to see this when I was a
child. All I saw was this one.
Gwen, that's like stupid and artsy and
gay. We need like the child.
Sure. It's like how they made Kirby
angry.
Oh,
yeah. They make Kirby slightly pissed in
the American covers.
I've heard a lot about the risk of rain,
too. OC
over the garden wall over the wall.
[Music]
Relax about it. I don't give a [__]
about Xenolade.
I don't give a [__] about Xenolade. I
like the music.
Castle
with one of the best cover arts ever.
Oh, Alukard. I'm so normal.
Relax.
Alukard's like a beautiful woman.
Yeah.
Let me get my
Everything's fine. Don't worry.
You already know I have to [__]
I do be having this one on CD.
So
yeah, let's go. Horror.
But you've been chewing for like seven
hours.
Yeah, I probably need to stop soon cuz I
haven't eaten in those seven hours.
Oh well, you should eat soon, I think.
Oenheimer, I don't give a [__]
Wind Waker. Absolutely. because it has
um because it has all of the music that
Medley plays. Despite the game Sonic
Adventure 2 being Sonic Adventure 2, the
soundtrack is beautiful and amazing.
Live and learn.
Yeah.
Dark Souls 3. I mean, yeah, sure. Breath
of the Wild. Yeah. Yeah, sure.
I like Breath of the Wild soundtrack.
I don't care.
Okay. Sonic Adventure one.
But
I love this because this is like one
song and then four versions of that
song.
It's really kind.
So
[Music]
you know what?
Support indie art for like 74 tense
again. Get silver on the line.
This is Jesus Christ Superstar, but it's
different.
But it's like Spanish.
He said Jesus Christ Superstar, but it's
Spanish.
Epic death.
That's anime.
Who [__] cares, man?
Hey, there's how
No, believe it or not, that wasn't on
the soundtrack. Oh, the
the Hollow Night DLC specifically.
That's so true.
Oh, yeah. Cuz that is the grim.
I have not played the DLC, so it's like
fine.
Mario Kart Wii, my beloved.
Mario Kart Wii.
So, a common thing you're going to know
about me is I rarely play the DLC to
anything that I played before.
I get that.
Well, you played one shot DLC.
Well, did you play the selection?
Farewell?
I don't think I did.
Wait,
you didn't play farewell?
I I It's a This is like a weird thing in
my brain. I have a hard time wanting to
play DLC to anything, even to things I
care about a lot. Okay, Gwen. Gwen, I
understand. I understand that you need
to play Celeste chapter 9. Like it is
like it completes the story of the game.
I will I will try to.
Jesus had one of the most epic deaths of
all time though. It is true. Um so
is this the one with [__] work
harder?
This is the one with work harder. In
fact, let's play it.
That's like one of the songs of all
time.
Lisa is one of the weirdest things in my
entire life because this game basically
seeks to offend every single person of
every single type of background and yet
I feel like it's the most offensive game
that I would recommend to most people.
Yeah. Yeah.
There is basically no person on earth
who won't feel hurt by this game and
personally attacked in some way, but
everyone should still
intentionally miserable and like the
world's not good and that's like
intentional. It's basically every phobia
possible. Just everything that Donald
Trump is is represented by this game,
which is great.
It's true.
But it's like it for whatever reason,
it's so good.
It's like remarkably human despite being
evil and [__] up and disgusting.
Well, I think that's because there is
like a small glint of altruism that the
game seeks to represent.
Yeah.
So, it is it is it is a game I think I
would recommend to everyone who has the
stomach for it, I guess.
Oh, yeah. Content warning for like
everything.
Yeah. Basically, if you if you don't
like something, assume it's probably in
Assume it's probably in Lisa.
Like like pretty much everything.
Go ahead. Does Lisa have Electra swing
for you?
I'm ending the stream.
Thanks for coming everyone. We're not
talking about Electro Swing anymore.
Okay.
Expect the Phil Electra swing album um
coming.
It's lying. It's lying. It's lying. It's
lying. It's lying. I'm doing all the art
for it.
It's lying. It's lying. It's lying.
I love to like accidentally leak all my
projects on accident. This is not one of
them. It's completely